CVE-2018-0369||A vulnerability in the reassembly logic for fragmented IPv4 packets of Cisco StarOS running on virtual platforms could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to trigger a reload of the npusim process, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. There are four instances of the npusim process running per Service Function (SF) instance, each handling a subset of all traffic flowing across the device. It is possible to trigger a reload of all four instances of the npusim process around the same time. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of fragmented IPv4 packets containing options. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious IPv4 packet across an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to trigger a restart of the npusim process, which will result in all traffic queued toward this instance of the npusim process to be dropped while the process is restarting. The npusim process typically restarts within less than a second. This vulnerability affects: Cisco Virtualized Packet Core-Single Instance (VPC-SI), Cisco Virtualized Packet Core-Distributed Instance (VPC-DI), Cisco Ultra Packet Core (UPC). Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh29613.
CVE-2018-0370||A vulnerability in the detection engine of Cisco Firepower System Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause one of the detection engine processes to run out of memory and thus slow down traffic processing. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of traffic when the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) inspection policy is enabled. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious traffic through an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to increase the resource consumption of a single instance of the Snort detection engine on an affected device. This will lead to performance degradation and eventually the restart of the affected Snort process. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi09219, CSCvi29845.
CVE-2018-0371||A vulnerability in the Web Admin Interface of Cisco Meeting Server could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of incoming HTTP requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the Web Admin Interface of an affected Cisco Meeting Server. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to restart the system, terminating all ongoing calls and resulting in a DoS condition on the affected product. This vulnerability affects the following releases of Cisco Meeting Server: Acano X-Series, Cisco Meeting Server 1000, Cisco Meeting Server 2000. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi48624.
CVE-2018-0372||A vulnerability in the DHCPv6 feature of the Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application-Centric Infrastructure (ACI) Mode could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to run low on system memory, which could result in a Denial of Service (DoS) condition on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper memory management when DHCPv6 packets are received on an interface of the targeted device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high number of malicious DHCPv6 packets to be processed by an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the system to run low on memory, which could cause an eventual reboot of an affected device. The vulnerability only applies to IPv6 protocol packets and not for IPv4 protocol packets. This vulnerability affects Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in ACI Mode running software version 13.0(1k). The vulnerability can only be exploited when unicast routing is enabled on the Bridge Domain (BD). DHCP and DHCP relay do not have to be configured for the vulnerability to be exploited. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg38918.
CVE-2018-0373||A vulnerability in vpnva-6.sys for 32-bit Windows and vpnva64-6.sys for 64-bit Windows of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows Desktop could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of user-supplied data. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious request to the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a DoS condition on the affected system. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvj47654.
CVE-2018-0374||A vulnerability in the Policy Builder database of Cisco Policy Suite before 18.2.0 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to connect directly to the Policy Builder database. The vulnerability is due to a lack of authentication. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting directly to the Policy Builder database. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access and change any data in the Policy Builder database. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh06134.
CVE-2018-0375||A vulnerability in the Cluster Manager of Cisco Policy Suite before 18.2.0 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to log in to an affected system using the root account, which has default, static user credentials. The vulnerability is due to the presence of undocumented, static user credentials for the root account. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using the account to log in to an affected system. An exploit could allow the attacker to log in to the affected system and execute arbitrary commands as the root user. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh02680.
CVE-2018-0376||A vulnerability in the Policy Builder interface of Cisco Policy Suite before 18.2.0 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to access the Policy Builder interface. The vulnerability is due to a lack of authentication. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing the Policy Builder interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to make changes to existing repositories and create new repositories. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi35109.
CVE-2018-0377||A vulnerability in the Open Systems Gateway initiative (OSGi) interface of Cisco Policy Suite before 18.1.0 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to directly connect to the OSGi interface. The vulnerability is due to a lack of authentication. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by directly connecting to the OSGi interface. An exploit could allow the attacker to access or change any files that are accessible by the OSGi process. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh18017.
CVE-2018-0378||A vulnerability in the Precision Time Protocol (PTP) feature of Cisco Nexus 5500, 5600, and 6000 Series Switches running Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a lack of protection against PTP frame flood attacks. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending large streams of malicious IPv4 or IPv6 PTP traffic to the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a DoS condition, impacting the traffic passing through the device.
CVE-2018-0379||Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Advanced Recording Format (ARF) and Webex Recording Format (WRF) files. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by providing a user with a malicious .arf or .wrf file via email or URL and convincing the user to launch the file in the Webex recording players. Exploitation of these vulnerabilities could allow arbitrary code execution on the system of a targeted user. These vulnerabilities affect ARF and WRF recording players available from Cisco Webex Meetings Suite sites, Cisco Webex Meetings Online sites, and Cisco Webex Meetings Server. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi02621, CSCvi02965, CSCvi63329, CSCvi63333, CSCvi63335, CSCvi63374, CSCvi63376, CSCvi63377, CSCvi63391, CSCvi63392, CSCvi63396, CSCvi63495, CSCvi63497, CSCvi63498, CSCvi82684, CSCvi82700, CSCvi82705, CSCvi82725, CSCvi82737, CSCvi82742, CSCvi82760, CSCvi82771, CSCvj51284, CSCvj51294.
CVE-2018-0380||Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Advanced Recording Format (ARF) and Webex Recording Format (WRF) files. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by providing a user with a malicious .arf or .wrf file via email or URL and convincing the user to launch the file in the Webex recording players. Exploitation of these vulnerabilities could cause an affected player to crash, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The Cisco Webex players are applications that are used to play back Webex meetings that have been recorded by an online meeting attendee. The Webex Network Recording Player for .arf files can be automatically installed when the user accesses a recording that is hosted on a Webex server. The Webex Player for .wrf files can be downloaded manually. These vulnerabilities affect ARF and WRF recording players available from Cisco Webex Meetings Suite sites, Cisco Webex Meetings Online sites, and Cisco Webex Meetings Server. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh70253, CSCvh70268, CSCvh72272, CSCvh72281, CSCvh72285, CSCvi60477, CSCvi60485, CSCvi60490, CSCvi60520, CSCvi60529, CSCvi60533.
CVE-2018-0381||A vulnerability in the Cisco Aironet Series Access Points (APs) software could allow an authenticated, adjacent attacker to cause an affected device to reload unexpectedly, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to a deadlock condition that may occur when an affected AP attempts to dequeue aggregated traffic that is destined to an attacker-controlled wireless client. An attacker who can successfully transition between multiple Service Set Identifiers (SSIDs) hosted on the same AP while replicating the required traffic patterns could trigger the deadlock condition. A watchdog timer that detects the condition will trigger a reload of the device, resulting in a DoS condition while the device restarts.
CVE-2018-0382||A vulnerability in the session identification management functionality of the web-based interface of Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to hijack a valid user session on an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the affected software does not properly clear previously assigned session identifiers for a user session when a user authenticates to the web-based interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using an existing session identifier to connect to the software through the web-based interface. Successful exploitation could allow the attacker to hijack an authenticated user's browser session on the system. Versions 8.1 and 8.5 are affected.
CVE-2018-0383||A vulnerability in the detection engine of Cisco FireSIGHT System Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass a file policy that is configured to block the transfer of files to an affected system via FTP. The vulnerability exists because the affected software incorrectly handles FTP control connections. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a maliciously crafted FTP connection to transfer a file to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass a file policy that is configured to apply the Block upload with reset action to FTP traffic. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh70130.
CVE-2018-0384||A vulnerability in the detection engine of Cisco FireSIGHT System Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass a URL-based access control policy that is configured to block traffic for an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the affected software incorrectly handles TCP packets that are received out of order when a TCP SYN retransmission is issued. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a maliciously crafted connection through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass a URL-based access control policy that is configured to block traffic for the affected system. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh84511.
CVE-2018-0385||A vulnerability in the detection engine parsing of Security Socket Layer (SSL) protocol packets for Cisco Firepower System Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition due to the Snort process unexpectedly restarting. The vulnerability is due to improper input handling of the SSL traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted SSL traffic to the detection engine on the targeted device. An exploit could allow the attacker to cause a DoS condition if the Snort process restarts and traffic inspection is bypassed or traffic is dropped. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi36434.
CVE-2018-0386||A vulnerability in Cisco Unified Communications Domain Manager Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of input that is passed to the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the affected software to access a malicious URL. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access sensitive, browser-based information on the affected system or perform arbitrary actions in the affected software in the security context of the user. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh49694.
CVE-2018-0387||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Teams (for Windows and macOS) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the user's device, possibly with elevated privileges. The vulnerability occurs because Cisco Webex Teams does not properly sanitize input. An attacker could exploit the vulnerability by sending a user a malicious link and persuading the user to follow the link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the user's system. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh66250.
CVE-2018-0388||A vulnerability in the web-based interface of Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against the user of the web-based interface of an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2018-0389||A vulnerability in the implementation of Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) processing in Cisco Small Business SPA514G IP Phones could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to become unresponsive, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to improper processing of SIP request messages by an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted SIP messages to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to become unresponsive, resulting in a DoS condition that persists until the device is restarted manually. Cisco has not released software updates that address this vulnerability. This vulnerability affects Cisco Small Business SPA514G IP Phones that are running firmware release 7.6.2SR2 or earlier.
CVE-2018-0390||A vulnerability in the web framework of Cisco Webex could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a Document Object Model-based (DOM-based) cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against the user of the web interface of an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of certain parameters that are passed to the affected software by using the HTTP POST method. An attacker who can submit malicious scripts to the affected user interface element could execute arbitrary script or HTML code in the user's browser in the context of the affected site. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvj33287.
CVE-2018-0391||A vulnerability in the password change function of Cisco Prime Collaboration Provisioning could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause the system to become inoperable. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of a password change request. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by changing a specific administrator account password. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to become inoperable, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability affects Cisco Prime Collaboration Provisioning (PCP) Releases 12.2 and prior. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvd86586.
CVE-2018-0392||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco Policy Suite could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access files owned by another user. The vulnerability is due to insufficient access control permissions (i.e., World-Readable). An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in to the CLI. An exploit could allow the attacker to access potentially sensitive files that are owned by a different user. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh18087.
CVE-2018-0393||A Read-Only User Effect Change vulnerability in the Policy Builder interface of Cisco Policy Suite could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to make policy changes in the Policy Builder interface. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization controls. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing the Policy Builder interface and modifying an HTTP request. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to make changes to existing policies. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi35007.
CVE-2018-0394||A vulnerability in the web upload function of Cisco Cloud Services Platform 2100 could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to obtain restricted shell access on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of parameters passed to a specific function within the user interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by injecting code into a function parameter. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi12935.
CVE-2018-0395||A vulnerability in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco FXOS Software and Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition when the device unexpectedly reloads. The vulnerability is due to improper input validation of certain type, length, value (TLV) fields of the LLDP frame header. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted LLDP packet to an interface on the targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the switch to reload unexpectedly.
CVE-2018-0396||A vulnerability in the web framework of the Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM and Presence Service software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against the user of the web interface of an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of certain parameters passed to the web server. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by convincing the user to access a malicious link or by intercepting the user request and injecting certain malicious code. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected site or allow the attacker to access sensitive browser-based information. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCve25985.
CVE-2018-0397||A vulnerability in Cisco AMP for Endpoints Mac Connector Software installed on Apple macOS 10.12 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a kernel panic on an affected system, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability exists if the affected software is running in Block network conviction mode. Exploitation could occur if the system that is running the affected software starts a server process and an address in the IP blacklist cache of the affected software attempts to connect to the affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a kernel panic on the system that is running the affected software, resulting in a DoS condition. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvk08192.
CVE-2018-0398||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Finesse could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a server-side request forgery (SSRF) attack. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg71018.
CVE-2018-0399||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Finesse could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to retrieve a cleartext password from an affected system. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg71044.
CVE-2018-0400||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Contact Center Express (Unified CCX) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks against a user of the interface. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg70904.
CVE-2018-0401||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Contact Center Express (Unified CCX) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks against a user of the interface. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg70967.
CVE-2018-0402||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Contact Center Express (Unified CCX) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg70921.
CVE-2018-0403||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Contact Center Express (Unified CCX) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to retrieve a cleartext password. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg71040.
CVE-2018-0404||A vulnerability in the web framework code for Cisco RV180W Wireless-N Multifunction VPN Router and Small Business RV Series RV220W Wireless Network Security Firewall could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL queries. The attacker could retrieve sensitive information which should be restricted. A vulnerability in the web framework code for Cisco RV180W Wireless-N Multifunction VPN Router and Small Business RV Series RV220W Wireless Network Security Firewall could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL queries. The attacker could retrieve sensitive information which should be restricted. The product has entered the end-of-life phase and there will be no more firmware fixes.
CVE-2018-0405||A vulnerability in the web framework code for Cisco RV180W Wireless-N Multifunction VPN Router and Small Business RV Series RV220W Wireless Network Security Firewall could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a directory path traversal attack on a targeted device. The issue is due to improper sanitization of user-supplied input in HTTP request parameters that describe filenames. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using directory traversal techniques to submit a path to a desired file location.
CVE-2018-0406||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a reflected or Document Object Model based (DOM-based) cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based management interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive browser-based information. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCve84006.
CVE-2018-0407||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business 300 Series (Sx300) Managed Switches could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based management interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive browser-based information. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi87326.
CVE-2018-0408||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business 300 Series (Sx300) Managed Switches could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based management interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive browser-based information. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi87330.
CVE-2018-0409||A vulnerability in the XCP Router service of the Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM & Presence Service (CUCM IM&P) and the Cisco TelePresence Video Communication Server (VCS) and Expressway could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a temporary service outage for all IM&P users, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious IPv4 or IPv6 packet to an affected device on TCP port 7400. An exploit could allow the attacker to overread a buffer, resulting in a crash and restart of the XCP Router service. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvg97663, CSCvi55947.
CVE-2018-0410||A vulnerability in the web proxy functionality of Cisco AsyncOS Software for Cisco Web Security Appliances could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to exhaust system memory and cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the affected software improperly manages memory resources for TCP connections to a targeted device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by establishing a high number of TCP connections to the data interface of an affected device via IPv4 or IPv6. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust system memory, which could cause the system to stop processing new connections and result in a DoS condition. System recovery may require manual intervention. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvf36610.
CVE-2018-0411||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based management interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive browser-based information. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvk15343.
CVE-2018-0412||A vulnerability in the implementation of Extensible Authentication Protocol over LAN (EAPOL) functionality in Cisco Small Business 100 Series Wireless Access Points and Cisco Small Business 300 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to force the downgrade of the encryption algorithm that is used between an authenticator (access point) and a supplicant (Wi-Fi client). The vulnerability is due to the improper processing of certain EAPOL messages that are received during the Wi-Fi handshake process. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by establishing a man-in-the-middle position between a supplicant and an authenticator and manipulating an EAPOL message exchange to force usage of a WPA-TKIP cipher instead of the more secure AES-CCMP cipher. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to conduct subsequent cryptographic attacks, which could lead to the disclosure of confidential information. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvj29229.
CVE-2018-0413||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack and perform arbitrary actions on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to follow a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions on a targeted device via a web browser and with the privileges of the user. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi85159.
CVE-2018-0414||A vulnerability in the web-based UI of Cisco Secure Access Control Server could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain read access to certain information in an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of XML External Entities (XXEs) when parsing an XML file. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by convincing the administrator of an affected system to import a crafted XML file.
CVE-2018-0415||A vulnerability in the implementation of Extensible Authentication Protocol over LAN (EAPOL) functionality in Cisco Small Business 100 Series Wireless Access Points and Cisco Small Business 300 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to the improper processing of certain EAPOL frames. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a stream of crafted EAPOL frames to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to force the access point (AP) to disassociate all the associated stations (STAs) and to disallow future, new association requests. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvj97472.
CVE-2018-0416||A vulnerability in the web-based interface of Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to view system information that under normal circumstances should be prohibited. The vulnerability is due to incomplete input and validation checking mechanisms in the web-based interface URL request. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by requesting specific URLs via the web-based interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view sensitive system information.
CVE-2018-0417||A vulnerability in TACACS authentication with Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform certain operations within the GUI that are not normally available to that user on the CLI. The vulnerability is due to incorrect parsing of a specific TACACS attribute received in the TACACS response from the remote TACACS server. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating via TACACS to the GUI on the affected device. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to create local user accounts with administrative privileges on an affected WLC and execute other commands that are not allowed from the CLI and should be prohibited.
CVE-2018-0418||A vulnerability in the Local Packet Transport Services (LPTS) feature set of Cisco ASR 9000 Series Aggregation Services Router Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a lack of input and validation checking on certain Precision Time Protocol (PTP) ingress traffic to an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by injecting malformed traffic into an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause services on the device to become unresponsive, resulting in a DoS condition. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvj22858.
CVE-2018-0419||A vulnerability in certain attachment detection mechanisms of Cisco Email Security Appliances (ESA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass the filtering functionality of an affected system. The vulnerability is due to the improper detection of content within executable (EXE) files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a customized EXE file that is not recognized and blocked by the ESA. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to send email messages that contain malicious executable files to unsuspecting users. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvh03786.
CVE-2018-0420||A vulnerability in the web-based interface of Cisco Wireless LAN Controller Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view sensitive information. The issue is due to improper sanitization of user-supplied input in HTTP request parameters that describe filenames and pathnames. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using directory traversal techniques to submit a path to a desired file location. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view system files on the targeted device, which may contain sensitive information.
CVE-2018-0421||A vulnerability in TCP connection management in Cisco Prime Access Registrar could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition when the application unexpectedly restarts. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of incoming TCP SYN packets to specific listening ports. The improper handling of the TCP SYN packets could cause a system file description to be allocated and not freed. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted stream of TCP SYN packets to the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the application to eventually restart if a file description cannot be obtained.
CVE-2018-0422||A vulnerability in the folder permissions of Cisco Webex Meetings client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to modify locally stored files and execute code on a targeted device with the privilege level of the user. The vulnerability is due to folder permissions that grant a user the permission to read, write, and execute files in the Webex folders. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to write malicious files to the Webex client directory, affecting all other users of the targeted device. A successful exploit could allow a user to execute commands with elevated privileges. Attacks on single-user systems are less likely to occur, as the attack must be carried out by the user on the user's own system. Multiuser systems have a higher risk of exploitation because folder permissions have an impact on all users of the device. For an attacker to exploit this vulnerability successfully, a second user must execute the locally installed malicious file to allow remote code execution to occur.
CVE-2018-0423||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco RV110W Wireless-N VPN Firewall, Cisco RV130W Wireless-N Multifunction VPN Router, and Cisco RV215W Wireless-N VPN Router could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service condition or to execute arbitrary code. The vulnerability is due to improper boundary restrictions on user-supplied input in the Guest user feature of the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests to a targeted device, triggering a buffer overflow condition. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to stop responding, resulting in a denial of service condition, or could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2018-0424||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco RV110W Wireless-N VPN Firewall, Cisco RV130W Wireless-N Multifunction VPN Router, and Cisco RV215W Wireless-N VPN Router could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of user-supplied input to scripts by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with the privileges of the root user.
CVE-2018-0425||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco RV110W Wireless-N VPN Firewall, Cisco RV130W Wireless-N Multifunction VPN Router, and Cisco RV215W Wireless-N VPN Router could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain access to sensitive information. The vulnerability is due to improper access control to files within the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain access to sensitive configuration information, including user authentication credentials.
CVE-2018-0426||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco RV110W Wireless-N VPN Firewall, Cisco RV130W Wireless-N Multifunction VPN Router, and Cisco RV215W Wireless-N VPN Router could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain access to sensitive information. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of directory traversal character sequences within the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests to the targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain access to arbitrary files on the affected device, resulting in the disclosure of sensitive information.
CVE-2018-0427||A vulnerability in the CronJob scheduler API of Cisco Digital Network Architecture (DNA) Center could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a command injection attack. The vulnerability is due to incorrect input validation of user-supplied data. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious packet. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvi42263.
CVE-2018-0428||A vulnerability in the account management subsystem of Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to root. The attacker must authenticate with valid administrator credentials. The vulnerability is due to improper implementation of access controls. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device as a specific user to gain the information needed to elevate privileges to root in a separate login shell. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to escape the CLI subshell and execute system-level commands on the underlying operating system as root. Cisco Bug IDs: CSCvj93548.
CVE-2018-0429||Stack-based buffer overflow in the Cisco Thor decoder before commit 18de8f9f0762c3a542b1122589edb8af859d9813 allows local users to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) and execute arbitrary code via a crafted non-conformant Thor bitstream.
CVE-2018-0430||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Integrated Management Controller (IMC) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject and execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of command input by the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted commands to the web-based management interface of the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to inject and execute arbitrary, system-level commands with root privileges on an affected device.
CVE-2018-0431||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Integrated Management Controller (IMC) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject and execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of command input by the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted commands to the web-based management interface of the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to inject and execute arbitrary, system-level commands with root privileges on an affected device.
CVE-2018-0432||A vulnerability in the error reporting feature of the Cisco SD-WAN Solution could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain elevated privileges on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a failure to properly validate certain parameters included within the error reporting application configuration. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted command to the error reporting feature. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain root-level privileges and take full control of the device.
CVE-2018-0433||A vulnerability in the command-line interface (CLI) in the Cisco SD-WAN Solution could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device and submitting crafted input to the CLI utility. The attacker must be authenticated to access the CLI utility. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands with root privileges.
CVE-2018-0434||A vulnerability in the Zero Touch Provisioning feature of the Cisco SD-WAN Solution could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain unauthorized access to sensitive data by using an invalid certificate. The vulnerability is due to insufficient certificate validation by the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by supplying a crafted certificate to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to conduct man-in-the-middle attacks to decrypt confidential information on user connections to the affected software.
CVE-2018-0435||A vulnerability in the Cisco Umbrella API could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view and modify data across their organization and other organizations. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authentication configurations for the API interface of Cisco Umbrella. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to view and potentially modify data for their organization or other organizations. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read or modify data across multiple organizations.
CVE-2018-0436||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Teams, formerly Cisco Spark, could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view and modify data for an organization other than their own organization. The vulnerability exists because the affected software performs insufficient checks for associations between user accounts and organization accounts. An attacker who has administrator or compliance officer privileges for one organization account could exploit this vulnerability by using those privileges to view and modify data for another organization account. No customer data was impacted by this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-0437||A vulnerability in the Cisco Umbrella Enterprise Roaming Client (ERC) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator. To exploit the vulnerability, the attacker must authenticate with valid local user credentials. This vulnerability is due to improper implementation of file system permissions, which could allow non-administrative users to place files within restricted directories. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by placing an executable file within the restricted directory, which when executed by the ERC client, would run with Administrator privileges.
CVE-2018-0438||A vulnerability in the Cisco Umbrella Enterprise Roaming Client (ERC) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator. To exploit the vulnerability, the attacker must authenticate with valid local user credentials. This vulnerability is due to improper implementation of file system permissions, which could allow non-administrative users to place files within restricted directories. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by placing an executable file within the restricted directory, which when executed by the ERC client, would run with Administrator privileges.
CVE-2018-0439||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Meeting Server could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack and perform arbitrary actions on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to follow a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions on an affected device by using a web browser and with the privileges of the user.
CVE-2018-0440||A vulnerability in the web interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager could allow an authenticated application administrator to execute commands on the underlying operating system with root-level privileges. The vulnerability is due to incomplete input validation of user input within an HTTP request. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the application and then sending a crafted HTTP request to the targeted application. A successful exploit could allow the authenticated attacker to issue commands on the underlying operating system as the root user.
CVE-2018-0441||A vulnerability in the 802.11r Fast Transition feature set of Cisco IOS Access Points (APs) Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a corruption of certain timer mechanisms triggered by specific roaming events. This corruption will eventually cause a timer crash. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious reassociation events multiple times to the same AP in a short period of time, causing a DoS condition on the affected AP.
CVE-2018-0442||A vulnerability in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol component of Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to retrieve memory contents, which could lead to the disclosure of confidential information. The vulnerability is due to insufficient condition checks in the part of the code that handles CAPWAP keepalive requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted CAPWAP keepalive packet to a vulnerable Cisco WLC device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to retrieve the contents of device memory, which could lead to the disclosure of confidential information.
CVE-2018-0443||A vulnerability in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol component of Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to improper input validation on fields within CAPWAP Discovery Request packets by the affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious CAPWAP Discovery Request packets to the Cisco WLC Software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the Cisco WLC Software to disconnect associated access points (APs). While the APs disconnect and reconnect, service will be unavailable for a brief period of time, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2018-0444||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Packaged Contact Center Enterprise could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored XSS attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2018-0445||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Packaged Contact Center Enterprise could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a CSRF attack and perform arbitrary actions on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to follow a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions on a targeted device via a web browser and with the privileges of the user.
CVE-2018-0446||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Industrial Network Director could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack and perform arbitrary actions on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to follow a malicious, customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions on the affected device via a web browser and with the privileges of the user.
CVE-2018-0447||A vulnerability in the anti-spam protection mechanisms of Cisco AsyncOS Software for the Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass certain content filters on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incomplete input and validation checking mechanisms for certain Sender Policy Framework (SPF) messages that are sent to an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a customized SPF packet to an affected device. If successful, an exploit could allow the attacker to bypass the URL filters that are configured for the affected device, which could allow malicious URLs to pass through the device.
CVE-2018-0448||A vulnerability in the identity management service of Cisco Digital Network Architecture (DNA) Center could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass authentication and take complete control of identity management functions. The vulnerability is due to insufficient security restrictions for critical management functions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a valid identity management request to the affected system. An exploit could allow the attacker to view and make unauthorized modifications to existing system users as well as create new users.
CVE-2018-0449||A vulnerability in the Cisco Jabber Client Framework (JCF) software, installed as part of the Cisco Jabber for Mac client, could allow an authenticated, local attacker to corrupt arbitrary files on an affected device that has elevated privileges. The vulnerability exists due to insecure directory permissions set on a JCF created directory. An authenticated attacker with the ability to access an affected directory could create a hard link to an arbitrary location on the affected system. An attacker could convince another user that has administrative privileges to perform an install or update the Cisco Jabber for Mac client to perform such actions, allowing files to be created in an arbitrary location on the disk or an arbitrary file to be corrupted when it is appended to or overwritten.
CVE-2018-0450||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the management interface on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2018-0451||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Tetration Analytics could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack and perform arbitrary actions on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to follow a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions on an affected device by using a web browser and with the privileges of the user.
CVE-2018-0452||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Tetration Analytics could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based management interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2018-0453||A vulnerability in the Sourcefire tunnel control channel protocol in Cisco Firepower System Software running on Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) sensors could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute specific CLI commands with root privileges on the Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC), or through Cisco FMC on other Firepower sensors and devices that are controlled by the same Cisco FMC. To send the commands, the attacker must have root privileges for at least one affected sensor or the Cisco FMC. The vulnerability exists because the affected software performs insufficient checks for certain CLI commands, if the commands are executed via a Sourcefire tunnel connection. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating with root privileges to a Firepower sensor or Cisco FMC, and then sending specific CLI commands to the Cisco FMC or through the Cisco FMC to another Firepower sensor via the Sourcefire tunnel connection. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify device configurations or delete files on the device that is running Cisco FMC Software or on any Firepower device that is managed by Cisco FMC.
CVE-2018-0454||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Cloud Services Platform 2100 could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of command input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending customized commands to the web-based management interface.
CVE-2018-0455||A vulnerability in the Server Message Block Version 2 (SMBv2) and Version 3 (SMBv3) protocol implementation for the Cisco Firepower System Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to run low on system memory, possibly preventing the device from forwarding traffic. It is also possible that a manual reload of the device may be required to clear the condition. The vulnerability is due to incorrect SMB header validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a custom SMB file transfer through the targeted device. A successful exploit could cause the device to consume an excessive amount of system memory and prevent the SNORT process from forwarding network traffic. This vulnerability can be exploited using either IPv4 or IPv6 in combination with SMBv2 or SMBv3 network traffic.
CVE-2018-0456||A vulnerability in the Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) input packet processor of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause the SNMP application of an affected device to restart unexpectedly. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of SNMP protocol data units (PDUs) in SNMP packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted SNMP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the SNMP application to restart multiple times, leading to a system-level restart and a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2018-0457||A vulnerability in the Cisco Webex Player for Webex Recording Format (WRF) files could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a user a link or email attachment with a malicious WRF file and persuading the user to open the file in the Cisco Webex Player. A successful exploit could cause the affected player to crash, resulting in a DoS condition. For more information about this vulnerability, see the Details section of this security advisory.
CVE-2018-0458||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Prime Collaboration Assurance could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based management interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2018-0459||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Enterprise NFV Infrastructure Software (NFVIS) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected system to reboot or shut down. The vulnerability is due to insufficient server-side authorization checks. An attacker who is logged in to the web-based management interface as a low-privileged user could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to use the low-privileged user account to reboot or shut down the affected system.
CVE-2018-0460||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco Enterprise NFV Infrastructure Software (NFVIS) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to read any file on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization and parameter validation checks. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious API request with the authentication credentials of a low-privileged user. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read any file on the affected system.
CVE-2018-0461||A vulnerability in the Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct an arbitrary script injection attack on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because the software running on an affected device insufficiently validates user-supplied data. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a malicious link provided to the user or through the interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the user interface or access sensitive system-based information, which under normal circumstances should be prohibited.
CVE-2018-0462||A vulnerability in the user management functionality of Cisco Enterprise NFV Infrastructure Software (NFVIS) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a denial of service (DoS) attack against an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-provided input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in with a highly privileged user account and performing a sequence of specific user management operations that interfere with the underlying operating system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to permanently degrade the functionality of the affected system.
CVE-2018-0463||A vulnerability in the Cisco Network Plug and Play server component of Cisco Network Services Orchestrator (NSO) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain unauthorized access to configuration data that is stored on an affected NSO system. The vulnerability exists because the Network Plug and Play component performs incomplete validation when configured to use secure unique device identifiers (SUDI) for authentication. An attacker who controls a Cisco device that supports SUDI authentication and has connectivity to an affected NSO system could exploit this vulnerability. The attacker would need to leverage information about the devices that are being registered on the NSO server to send crafted Cisco Network Plug and Play authentication packets to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain unauthorized access to configuration data for devices that will be managed by the NSO system.
CVE-2018-0464||A vulnerability in Cisco Data Center Network Manager software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks and gain access to sensitive files on the targeted system. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of user requests within the management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests containing directory traversal character sequences within the management interface. An exploit could allow the attacker to view or create arbitrary files on the targeted system.
CVE-2018-0465||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business 300 Series Managed Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the affected management interface performs insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a malicious link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2018-0466||A vulnerability in the Open Shortest Path First version 3 (OSPFv3) implementation in Cisco IOS and IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause an affected device to reload. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of specific OSPFv3 packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted OSPFv3 Link-State Advertisements (LSA) to an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to cause an affected device to reload, leading to a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2018-0467||A vulnerability in the IPv6 processing code of Cisco IOS and IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to reload. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of specific IPv6 hop-by-hop options. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious IPv6 packet to or through the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device.
CVE-2018-0468||A vulnerability in the configuration of a local database installed as part of the Cisco Energy Management Suite (CEMS) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access and alter confidential data. The vulnerability is due to the installation of the PostgreSQL database with unchanged default access credentials. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in to the machine where CEMS is installed and establishing a local connection to the database. The fix for this vulnerability randomizes the database access password in new installations; however, the fix will not change the password for existing installations. Users are required to manually change the password, as documented in the Workarounds section of this advisory. There are workarounds that address this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-0469||A vulnerability in the web user interface of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload. The vulnerability is due to a double-free-in-memory handling by the affected software when specific HTTP requests are processed. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending specific HTTP requests to the web user interface of the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have access to the management interface of the affected software, which is typically connected to a restricted management network.
CVE-2018-0470||A vulnerability in the web framework of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a buffer overflow condition on an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to the affected software improperly parsing malformed HTTP packets that are destined to a device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malformed HTTP packet to an affected device for processing. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a buffer overflow condition on the affected device, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2018-0471||A vulnerability in the Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP) module of Cisco IOS XE Software Releases 16.6.1 and 16.6.2 could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak that may lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to incorrect processing of certain CDP packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending certain CDP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could cause an affected device to continuously consume memory and eventually result in a memory allocation failure that leads to a crash, triggering a reload of the affected device.
CVE-2018-0472||A vulnerability in the IPsec driver code of multiple Cisco IOS XE Software platforms and the Cisco ASA 5500-X Series Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to reload. The vulnerability is due to improper processing of malformed IPsec Authentication Header (AH) or Encapsulating Security Payload (ESP) packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malformed IPsec packets to be processed by an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to cause a reload of the affected device.
CVE-2018-0473||A vulnerability in the Precision Time Protocol (PTP) subsystem of Cisco IOS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of the Precision Time Protocol. The vulnerability is due to insufficient processing of PTP packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a custom PTP packet to, or through, an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a DoS condition for the PTP subsystem, resulting in time synchronization issues across the network.
CVE-2018-0474||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view digest credentials in clear text. The vulnerability is due to the incorrect inclusion of saved passwords in configuration pages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in to the Cisco Unified Communications Manager web-based management interface and viewing the source code for the configuration page. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to recover passwords and expose those accounts to further attack.
CVE-2018-0475||A vulnerability in the implementation of the cluster feature of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to trigger a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper input validation when handling Cluster Management Protocol (CMP) messages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious CMP message to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the switch to crash and reload or to hang, resulting in a DoS condition. If the switch hangs it will not reboot automatically, and it will need to be power cycled manually to recover.
CVE-2018-0476||A vulnerability in the Network Address Translation (NAT) Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) Application Layer Gateway (ALG) of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload. The vulnerability is due to improper processing of SIP packets in transit while NAT is performed on an affected device. An unauthenticated, remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted SIP packets via UDP port 5060 through an affected device that is performing NAT for SIP packets. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2018-0477||A vulnerability in the CLI parser of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute commands on the underlying Linux shell of an affected device with root privileges. The vulnerability exist because the affected software improperly sanitizes command arguments, failing to prevent access to certain internal data structures on an affected device. An attacker who has privileged EXEC mode (privilege level 15) access to an affected device could exploit these vulnerabilities on the device by executing CLI commands that contain custom arguments. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the affected device.
CVE-2018-0480||A vulnerability in the errdisable per VLAN feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause the device to crash, leading to a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to a race condition that occurs when the VLAN and port enter an errdisabled state, resulting in an incorrect state in the software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending frames that trigger the errdisable condition. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash, leading to a DoS condition.
CVE-2018-0481||A vulnerability in the CLI parser of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute commands on the underlying Linux shell of an affected device with root privileges. The vulnerability exist because the affected software improperly sanitizes command arguments, failing to prevent access to certain internal data structures on an affected device. An attacker who has privileged EXEC mode (privilege level 15) access to an affected device could exploit these vulnerabilities on the device by executing CLI commands that contain custom arguments. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the affected device.
CVE-2018-0482||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Prime Network Control System could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web interface of the affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a malicious link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the web-based management interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2018-0483||A vulnerability in Cisco Jabber Client Framework (JCF) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input of an affected client. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by executing arbitrary JavaScript in the Jabber client of the recipient. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the targeted client or allow the attacker to access sensitive client-based information.
CVE-2018-0484||A vulnerability in the access control logic of the Secure Shell (SSH) server of Cisco IOS and IOS XE Software may allow connections sourced from a virtual routing and forwarding (VRF) instance despite the absence of the vrf-also keyword in the access-class configuration. The vulnerability is due to a missing check in the SSH server. An attacker could use this vulnerability to open an SSH connection to an affected Cisco IOS or IOS XE device with a source address belonging to a VRF instance. Once connected, the attacker would still need to provide valid credentials to access the device.
CVE-2018-0485||A vulnerability in the SM-1T3/E3 firmware on Cisco Second Generation Integrated Services Routers (ISR G2) and the Cisco 4451-X Integrated Services Router (ISR4451-X) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the ISR G2 Router or the SM-1T3/E3 module on the ISR4451-X to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of user input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by first connecting to the SM-1T3/E3 module console and entering a string sequence. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the ISR G2 Router or the SM-1T3/E3 module on the ISR4451-X to reload, resulting in a DoS condition on an affected device.
CVE-2018-0486||Shibboleth XMLTooling-C before 1.6.3, as used in Shibboleth Service Provider before 2.6.0 on Windows and other products, mishandles digital signatures of user attribute data, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or conduct impersonation attacks via a crafted DTD.
CVE-2018-0487||ARM mbed TLS before 1.3.22, before 2.1.10, and before 2.7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (buffer overflow) via a crafted certificate chain that is mishandled during RSASSA-PSS signature verification within a TLS or DTLS session.
CVE-2018-0488||ARM mbed TLS before 1.3.22, before 2.1.10, and before 2.7.0, when the truncated HMAC extension and CBC are used, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (heap corruption) via a crafted application packet within a TLS or DTLS session.
CVE-2018-0489||Shibboleth XMLTooling-C before 1.6.4, as used in Shibboleth Service Provider before 2.6.1.4 on Windows and other products, mishandles digital signatures of user data, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or conduct impersonation attacks via crafted XML data. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2018-0486.
CVE-2018-0490||An issue was discovered in Tor before 0.2.9.15, 0.3.1.x before 0.3.1.10, and 0.3.2.x before 0.3.2.10. The directory-authority protocol-list subprotocol implementation allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and directory-authority crash) via a misformatted relay descriptor that is mishandled during voting.
CVE-2018-0491||A use-after-free issue was discovered in Tor 0.3.2.x before 0.3.2.10. It allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (relay crash) because the KIST implementation allows a channel to be added more than once in the pending list.
CVE-2018-0492||Johnathan Nightingale beep through 1.3.4, if setuid, has a race condition that allows local privilege escalation.
CVE-2018-0493||remctld in remctl before 3.14, when an attacker is authorized to execute a command that uses the sudo option, has a use-after-free that leads to a daemon crash, memory corruption, or arbitrary command execution.
CVE-2018-0494||GNU Wget before 1.19.5 is prone to a cookie injection vulnerability in the resp_new function in http.c via a \r\n sequence in a continuation line.
CVE-2018-0495||Libgcrypt before 1.7.10 and 1.8.x before 1.8.3 allows a memory-cache side-channel attack on ECDSA signatures that can be mitigated through the use of blinding during the signing process in the _gcry_ecc_ecdsa_sign function in cipher/ecc-ecdsa.c, aka the Return Of the Hidden Number Problem or ROHNP. To discover an ECDSA key, the attacker needs access to either the local machine or a different virtual machine on the same physical host.
CVE-2018-0496||Directory traversal issues in the D-Mod extractor in DFArc and DFArc2 (as well as in RTsoft's Dink Smallwood HD / ProtonSDK version) before 3.14 allow an attacker to overwrite arbitrary files on the user's system.
CVE-2018-0497||ARM mbed TLS before 2.12.0, before 2.7.5, and before 2.1.14 allows remote attackers to achieve partial plaintext recovery (for a CBC based ciphersuite) via a timing-based side-channel attack. This vulnerability exists because of an incorrect fix (with a wrong SHA-384 calculation) for CVE-2013-0169.
CVE-2018-0498||ARM mbed TLS before 2.12.0, before 2.7.5, and before 2.1.14 allows local users to achieve partial plaintext recovery (for a CBC based ciphersuite) via a cache-based side-channel attack.
CVE-2018-0499||A cross-site scripting vulnerability in queryparser/termgenerator_internal.cc in Xapian xapian-core before 1.4.6 exists due to incomplete HTML escaping by Xapian::MSet::snippet().
CVE-2018-0500||Curl_smtp_escape_eob in lib/smtp.c in curl 7.54.1 to and including curl 7.60.0 has a heap-based buffer overflow that might be exploitable by an attacker who can control the data that curl transmits over SMTP with certain settings (i.e., use of a nonstandard --limit-rate argument or CURLOPT_BUFFERSIZE value).
CVE-2018-0501||The mirror:// method implementation in Advanced Package Tool (APT) 1.6.x before 1.6.4 and 1.7.x before 1.7.0~alpha3 mishandles gpg signature verification for the InRelease file of a fallback mirror, aka mirrorfail.
CVE-2018-0502||An issue was discovered in zsh before 5.6. The beginning of a #! script file was mishandled, potentially leading to an execve call to a program named on the second line.
CVE-2018-0503||Mediawiki 1.31 before 1.31.1, 1.30.1, 1.29.3 and 1.27.5 contains a flaw where contrary to the documentation, $wgRateLimits entry for 'user' overrides that for 'newbie'.
CVE-2018-0504||Mediawiki 1.31 before 1.31.1, 1.30.1, 1.29.3 and 1.27.5 contains an information disclosure flaw in the Special:Redirect/logid
CVE-2018-0505||Mediawiki 1.31 before 1.31.1, 1.30.1, 1.29.3 and 1.27.5 contains a flaw where BotPasswords can bypass CentralAuth's account lock
CVE-2018-0506||Nootka 1.4.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0507||Untrusted search path vulnerability in FLET'S VIRUS CLEAR Easy Setup & Application Tool ver.11 and earlier versions, FLET'S VIRUS CLEAR v6 Easy Setup & Application Tool ver.11 and earlier versions allow an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0508||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in epg search result viewer (kkcald) 0.7.21 and earlier allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0509||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in epg search result viewer (kkcald) 0.7.21 and earlier allows an attacker to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0510||Buffer overflow in epg search result viewer (kkcald) 0.7.19 and earlier allows remote attackers to perform unintended operations or execute DoS (denial of service) attacks via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0511||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WP Retina 2x prior to version 5.2.2 allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0512||Devices with IP address setting tool "MagicalFinder" provided by I-O DATA DEVICE, INC. allow authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0513||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in MTS Simple Booking C, MTS Simple Booking Business version 1.28.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0514||MP Form Mail CGI eCommerce Edition Ver 2.0.13 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0515||Untrusted search path vulnerability in "FLET'S Azukeru Backup Tool" version 1.5.2.6 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0516||Untrusted search path vulnerability in FLET'S v4 / v6 address selection tool allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0517||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Anshin net security for Windows Version 16.0.1.44 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0518||LINE for iOS version 7.1.3 to 7.1.5 does not verify X.509 certificates from SSL servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2018-0519||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in FS010W firmware FS010W_00_V1.3.0 and earlier allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0520||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in FS010W firmware FS010W_00_V1.3.0 and earlier allows an attacker to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0521||Buffalo WXR-1900DHP2 firmware Ver.2.48 and earlier allows an attacker to bypass authentication and execute arbitrary commands on the device via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0522||Buffer overflow in Buffalo WXR-1900DHP2 firmware Ver.2.48 and earlier allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code via a specially crafted file.
CVE-2018-0523||Buffalo WXR-1900DHP2 firmware Ver.2.48 and earlier allows an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0524||Jubatus 1.0.2 and earlier allows remote code execution via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0525||Directory traversal vulnerability in Jubatus 1.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0526||Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.7.0 allow remote attackers to display an image located in an external server via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0527||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.7.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0528||Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.7.0 allows authenticated attackers to bypass authentication to view the schedules that are not permitted to access via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0529||Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.7.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0530||SQL injection vulnerability in the Cybozu Garoon 3.5.0 to 4.2.6 allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0531||Cybozu Garoon 3.0.0 to 4.2.6 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to view or alter an access privilege of a folder and/or notification settings via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0532||Cybozu Garoon 3.0.0 to 4.2.6 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to alter setting data of the Standard database via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0533||Cybozu Garoon 3.0.0 to 4.2.6 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to alter setting data of session authentication via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0534||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ArsenoL Version 0.5 allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0535||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in PHP 2chBBS version bbs18c allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0536||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in QQQ SYSTEMS ver2.24 allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via quiz.cgi.
CVE-2018-0537||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in QQQ SYSTEMS ver2.24 allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via quiz_op.cgi.
CVE-2018-0538||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in QQQ SYSTEMS ver2.24 allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0539||QQQ SYSTEMS version 2.24 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0540||Untrusted search path vulnerability in ViX version 2.21.148.0 allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0541||Buffer overflow in Tiny FTP Daemon Ver0.52d allows an attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition or execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0542||Directory traversal vulnerability in WebProxy version 1.7.8 allows an attacker to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0543||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Jtrim 1.53c and earlier (Installer) allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0544||Untrusted search path vulnerability in WinShot 1.53a and earlier (Installer) allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0545||LXR version 1.0.0 to 2.3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0546||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WP All Import plugin prior to version 3.4.6 for WordPress allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0547||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WP All Import plugin prior to version 3.4.7 for WordPress allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0548||Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 4.6.0 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to view the closed title of "Space" via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0549||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 3.0.0 to 4.6.0 allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0550||Cybozu Garoon 3.5.0 to 4.6.1 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to view the closed title of "Cabinet" via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0551||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 3.0.0 to 4.6.1 allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0552||Untrusted search path vulnerability in The installer of PhishWall Client Firefox and Chrome edition for Windows Ver. 5.1.26 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0553||The iRemoconWiFi App for Android version 4.1.7 and earlier does not verify X.509 certificates from SSL servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2018-0554||Buffalo WZR-1750DHP2 Ver.2.30 and earlier allows an attacker to bypass authentication and execute arbitrary commands on the device via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0555||Buffer overflow in Buffalo WZR-1750DHP2 Ver.2.30 and earlier allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code via a specially crafted file.
CVE-2018-0556||Buffalo WZR-1750DHP2 Ver.2.30 and earlier allows an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0557||Stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Mailwise 5.0.0 to 5.4.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML 'E-mail Details Screen' via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0558||Reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Mailwise 5.0.0 to 5.4.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML in 'System settings' via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0559||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Mailwise 5.0.0 to 5.4.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML 'Address' via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0560||Hatena Bookmark App for iOS Version 3.0 to 3.70 allows remote attackers to spoof the address bar via vectors related to URL display.
CVE-2018-0561||Untrusted search path vulnerability in The installer of PhishWall Client Internet Explorer edition Ver. 3.7.15 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0562||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Installer of SoundEngine Free ver.5.21 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0563||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of FLET'S VIRUS CLEAR Easy Setup & Application Tool ver.13.0 and earlier versions and FLET'S VIRUS CLEAR v6 Easy Setup & Application Tool ver.13.0 and earlier versions allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0564||Session fixation vulnerability in EC-CUBE (EC-CUBE 3.0.0, EC-CUBE 3.0.1, EC-CUBE 3.0.2, EC-CUBE 3.0.3, EC-CUBE 3..4, EC-CUBE 3.0.5, EC-CUBE 3.0.6, EC-CUBE 3.0.7, EC-CUBE 3.0.8, EC-CUBE 3.0.9, EC-CUBE 3.0.10, EC-CUBE 3.0.11, EC-CUBE 3.0.12, EC-CUBE 3.0.12-p1, EC-CUBE 3.0.13, EC-CUBE 3.0.14, EC-CUBE 3.0.15) allows remote attackers to perform arbitrary operations via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0565||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0566||Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.0 allows authenticated attackers to bypass authentication to obtain the schedules without access privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0567||Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.0 allows authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to access and write non-public data via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0568||Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in SiteBridge Inc. Joruri Gw Ver 3.2.0 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0569||baserCMS (baserCMS 4.1.0.1 and earlier versions, baserCMS 3.0.15 and earlier versions) allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0570||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in baserCMS (baserCMS 4.1.0.1 and earlier versions, baserCMS 3.0.15 and earlier versions) allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0571||baserCMS (baserCMS 4.1.0.1 and earlier versions, baserCMS 3.0.15 and earlier versions) allows remote attackers with a site operator privilege to upload arbitrary files.
CVE-2018-0572||baserCMS (baserCMS 4.1.0.1 and earlier versions, baserCMS 3.0.15 and earlier versions) allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to view or alter a restricted content via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0573||baserCMS (baserCMS 4.1.0.1 and earlier versions, baserCMS 3.0.15 and earlier versions) allows remote attackers to bypass access restriction for a content to view a file which is uploaded by a site user via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0574||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in baserCMS (baserCMS 4.1.0.1 and earlier versions, baserCMS 3.0.15 and earlier versions) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0575||baserCMS (baserCMS 4.1.0.1 and earlier versions, baserCMS 3.0.15 and earlier versions) allows remote attackers to bypass access restriction in mail form to view a file which is uploaded by a site user via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0576||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Events Manager plugin prior to version 5.9 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0577||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WP Google Map Plugin prior to version 4.0.4 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0578||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in PixelYourSite plugin prior to version 5.3.0 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0579||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Open Graph for Facebook, Google+ and Twitter Card Tags plugin prior to version 2.2.4.1 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0580||Untrusted search path vulnerability in CELSYS, Inc CLIP STUDIO series (CLIP STUDIO PAINT (for Windows) EX/PRO/DEBUT Ver.1.7.3 and earlier, CLIP STUDIO ACTION (for Windows) Ver.1.5.5 and earlier, with its timestamp prior to April 25, 2018, 12:11:31, and CLIP STUDIO MODELER (for Windows) Ver.1.6.3 and earlier, with its timestamp prior to April 25, 2018, 17:02:49) allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0581||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ASUS RT-AC87U Firmware version prior to 3.0.0.4.378.9383 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0582||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ASUS RT-AC68U Firmware version prior to 3.0.0.4.380.1031 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0583||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ASUS RT-AC1200HP Firmware version prior to 3.0.0.4.380.4180 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0584||IIJ SmartKey App for Android version 2.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication [effect_of_bypassing_authentication] via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0585||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Ultimate Member plugin prior to version 2.0.4 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0586||Directory traversal vulnerability in the shortcodes function of Ultimate Member plugin prior to version 2.0.4 for WordPress allows remote authenticated attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0587||Unrestricted file upload vulnerability in Ultimate Member plugin prior to version 2.0.4 for WordPress allows remote authenticated users to upload arbitrary image files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0588||Directory traversal vulnerability in the AJAX function of Ultimate Member plugin prior to version 2.0.4 for WordPress allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0589||Ultimate Member plugin prior to version 2.0.4 for WordPress allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to add a new form in the 'Forms' page via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0590||Ultimate Member plugin prior to version 2.0.4 for WordPress allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to modify the other users profiles via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0591||The KINEPASS App for Android Ver 3.1.1 and earlier, and for iOS Ver 3.1.2 and earlier do not verify X.509 certificates from SSL servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2018-0592||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Microsoft OneDrive allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0593||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of Microsoft OneDrive allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0594||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Skype for Windows allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0595||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of Skype for Windows allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0596||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of Visual Studio Community allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0597||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of Visual Studio Code allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0598||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Self-extracting archive files created by IExpress bundled with Microsoft Windows allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0599||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of Visual C++ Redistributable allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0600||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of PlayMemories Home for Windows ver.5.5.01 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0601||Untrusted search path vulnerability in axpdfium v0.01 allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0602||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Email Subscribers & Newsletters versions prior to 3.5.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0603||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Site Reviews versions prior to 2.15.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0604||Pixelpost v1.7.3 and earlier allows remote code execution via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0605||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Pixelpost v1.7.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0606||SQL injection vulnerability in the Pixelpost v1.7.3 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0607||SQL injection vulnerability in the Notifications application in the Cybozu Garoon 3.5.0 to 4.6.2 allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0608||Buffer overflow in H2O version 2.2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (DoS) via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0609||Untrusted search path vulnerability in LINE for Windows versions before 5.8.0 allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0610||Local file inclusion vulnerability in Zenphoto 1.4.14 and earlier allows a remote attacker with an administrative privilege to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information.
CVE-2018-0611||The ANA App for iOS version 4.0.22 and earlier does not verify X.509 certificates from SSL servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2018-0612||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in 5000 trillion yen converter v1.0.6 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0613||NEC Platforms Calsos CSDX and CSDJ series products (CSDX 1.37210411 and earlier, CSDX(P) 4.37210411 and earlier, CSDX(D) 3.37210411 and earlier, CSDX(S) 2.37210411 and earlier, CSDJ-B 01.03.00 and earlier, CSDJ-H 01.03.00 and earlier, CSDJ-D 01.03.00 and earlier, CSDJ-A 03.00.00) allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to conduct arbitrary operations with administrative privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0614||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in NEC Platforms Calsos CSDX and CSDJ series products (CSDX 1.37210411 and earlier, CSDX(P) 4.37210411 and earlier, CSDX(D) 3.37210411 and earlier, CSDX(S) 2.37210411 and earlier, CSDJ-B 01.03.00 and earlier, CSDJ-H 01.03.00 and earlier, CSDJ-D 01.03.00 and earlier, CSDJ-A 03.00.00) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0617||Directory traversal vulnerability in ChamaNet MemoCGI v2.1800 to v2.2200 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0618||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Mailman 2.1.26 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0619||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of Glarysoft Glary Utilities (Glary Utilities 5.99 and earlier and Glary Utilities Pro 5.99 and earlier) allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0620||Untrusted search path vulnerability in LOGICOOL Game Software versions before 8.87.116 allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0621||Untrusted search path vulnerability in LOGICOOL CONNECTION UTILITY SOFTWARE versions before 2.30.9 allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0622||The DHC Online Shop App for Android version 3.2.0 and earlier does not verify X.509 certificates from SSL servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2018-0623||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Multiple Yayoi 17 Series products (Yayoi Kaikei 17 Series Ver.23.1.1 and earlier, Yayoi Aoiro Shinkoku 17 Ver.23.1.1 and earlier, Yayoi Kyuuyo 17 Ver.20.1.4 and earlier, Yayoi Kyuuyo Keisan 17 Ver.20.1.4 and earlier, Yayoi Hanbai 17 Series Ver. 20.0.2 and earlier, and Yayoi Kokyaku Kanri 17 Ver.11.0.2 and earlier) allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory. This flaw exists within the handling of msjet49.dll loaded by the vulnerable products.
CVE-2018-0624||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Multiple Yayoi 17 Series products (Yayoi Kaikei 17 Series Ver.23.1.1 and earlier, Yayoi Aoiro Shinkoku 17 Ver.23.1.1 and earlier, Yayoi Kyuuyo 17 Ver.20.1.4 and earlier, Yayoi Kyuuyo Keisan 17 Ver.20.1.4 and earlier, Yayoi Hanbai 17 Series Ver.20.0.2 and earlier, and Yayoi Kokyaku Kanri 17 Ver.11.0.2 and earlier) allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory. This flaw exists within the handling of ykkapi.dll loaded by the vulnerable products.
CVE-2018-0625||Aterm WG1200HP firmware Ver1.0.31 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via formSysCmd parameter.
CVE-2018-0626||Aterm WG1200HP firmware Ver1.0.31 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via sysCmd in formWsc parameter.
CVE-2018-0627||Aterm WG1200HP firmware Ver1.0.31 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via targetAPSsid parameter.
CVE-2018-0628||Aterm WG1200HP firmware Ver1.0.31 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via HTTP request and response.
CVE-2018-0629||Aterm W300P Ver1.0.13 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via HTTP request and response.
CVE-2018-0630||Aterm W300P Ver1.0.13 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via sysCmd parameter.
CVE-2018-0631||Aterm W300P Ver1.0.13 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via targetAPSsid parameter.
CVE-2018-0632||Buffer overflow in Aterm W300P Ver1.0.13 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary code via HTTP request and response.
CVE-2018-0633||Buffer overflow in Aterm W300P Ver1.0.13 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary code via submit-url parameter.
CVE-2018-0634||Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via FactoryPassword parameter or bootmode parameter of a certain URL.
CVE-2018-0635||Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via filename parameter.
CVE-2018-0636||Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via FactoryPassword parameter of a certain URL, different URL from CVE-2018-0634.
CVE-2018-0637||Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via export.cgi encKey parameter.
CVE-2018-0638||Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via import.cgi encKey parameter.
CVE-2018-0639||Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via tools_firmware.cgi date parameter, time parameter, and offset parameter.
CVE-2018-0640||Buffer overflow in Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary code via netWizard.cgi date parameter, time parameter, and offset parameter.
CVE-2018-0641||Buffer overflow in Aterm HC100RC Ver1.0.1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary code via tools_system.cgi date parameter, time parameter, and offset parameter.
CVE-2018-0642||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in FV Flowplayer Video Player 6.1.2 to 6.6.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0643||Ubuntu14.04 ORCA (Online Receipt Computer Advantage) 4.8.0 (panda-server) 1:1.4.9+p41-u4jma1 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0644||Buffer overflow in Ubuntu14.04 ORCA (Online Receipt Computer Advantage) 4.8.0 (panda-client2) 1:1.4.9+p41-u4jma1 and earlier, Ubuntu14.04 ORCA (Online Receipt Computer Advantage) 5.0.0 (panda-client2) 1:2.0.0+p48-u4jma1 and earlier, and Ubuntu16.04 ORCA (Online Receipt Computer Advantage) 5.0.0 (panda-client2) 1:2.0.0+p48-u5jma1 and earlier allows authenticated attackers to cause denial-of-service (DoS) condition via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0645||MTAppjQuery 1.8.1 and earlier allows remote PHP code execution via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0646||Directory traversal vulnerability in Explzh v.7.58 and earlier allows an attacker to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0647||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in WL-330NUL Firmware version prior to 3.0.0.46 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0648||Untrusted search path vulnerability in installer of ChatWork Desktop App for Windows 2.3.0 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0649||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installers of multiple Canon IT Solutions Inc. software programs (ESET Smart Security Premium, ESET Internet Security, ESET Smart Security, ESET NOD32 Antivirus, DESlock+ Pro, and CompuSec (all programs except packaged ones)) allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0650||The LINE MUSIC for Android version 3.1.0 to versions prior to 3.6.5 does not verify X.509 certificates from SSL servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2018-0651||Buffer overflow in the license management function of YOKOGAWA products (iDefine for ProSafe-RS R1.16.3 and earlier, STARDOM VDS R7.50 and earlier, STARDOM FCN/FCJ Simulator R4.20 and earlier, ASTPLANNER R15.01 and earlier, TriFellows V5.04 and earlier) allows remote attackers to stop the license management function or execute an arbitrary program via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0652||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI v.3.1.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the UserGroup Management section of admin page.
CVE-2018-0653||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI v.3.1.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Wiki page view.
CVE-2018-0654||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI v.3.1.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the modal for creating Wiki page.
CVE-2018-0655||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI v.3.1.11 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the app settings section of admin page.
CVE-2018-0656||Untrusted search path vulnerability in The installer of Digital Paper App version 1.4.0.16050 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0657||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in EC-CUBE Payment Module and GMO-PG Payment Module (PG Multi-Payment Service) for EC-CUBE (EC-CUBE Payment Module (2.12) version 3.5.23 and earlier, EC-CUBE Payment Module (2.11) version 2.3.17 and earlier, GMO-PG Payment Module (PG Multi-Payment Service) (2.12) version 3.5.23 and earlier, and GMO-PG Payment Module (PG Multi-Payment Service) (2.11) version 2.3.17 and earlier) allow an attacker with administrator rights to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0658||Input validation issue in EC-CUBE Payment Module (2.12) version 3.5.23 and earlier, EC-CUBE Payment Module (2.11) version 2.3.17 and earlier, GMO-PG Payment Module (PG Multi-Payment Service) (2.12) version 3.5.23 and earlier, GMO-PG Payment Module (PG Multi-Payment Service) (2.11) version 2.3.17 and earlier allows an attacker with administrative rights to execute arbitrary PHP code on the server via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0659||Directory traversal vulnerability in ver.2.8.4.0 and earlier and ver.3.3.0.0 and earlier allows an attacker to create or overwrite existing files via specially crafted ATC file.
CVE-2018-0660||Directory traversal vulnerability in ver.2.8.4.0 and earlier and ver.3.3.0.0 and earlier allows an attacker to create arbitrary files via specially crafted ATC file.
CVE-2018-0661||Multiple I-O DATA network camera products (TS-WRLP firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier, TS-WRLA firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier, TS-WRLP/E firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier) allow an attacker on the same network segment to bypass access restriction to add files on a specific directory that may result in executing arbitrary OS commands/code or information including credentials leakage or alteration.
CVE-2018-0662||Multiple I-O DATA network camera products (TS-WRLP firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier, TS-WRLA firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier, TS-WRLP/E firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier) allow an attacker on the same network segment to add malicious files on the device and execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2018-0663||Multiple I-O DATA network camera products (TS-WRLP firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier, TS-WRLA firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier, TS-WRLP/E firmware Ver.1.09.04 and earlier) use hardcoded credentials which may allow an remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands on the device via unspecified vector.
CVE-2018-0664||A vulnerability in NoMachine App for Android 5.0.63 and earlier allows attackers to alter environment variables via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0665||Yamaha routers RT57i Rev.8.00.95 and earlier, RT58i Rev.9.01.51 and earlier, NVR500 Rev.11.00.36 and earlier, RTX810 Rev.11.01.31 and earlier, allow an administrative user to embed arbitrary scripts to the configuration data through a certain form field of the configuration page, which may be executed on another administrative user's web browser. This is a different vulnerability from CVE-2018-0666.
CVE-2018-0666||Yamaha routers RT57i Rev.8.00.95 and earlier, RT58i Rev.9.01.51 and earlier, NVR500 Rev.11.00.36 and earlier, RTX810 Rev.11.01.31 and earlier, allow an administrative user to embed arbitrary scripts to the configuration data through a certain form field of the configuration page, which may be executed on another administrative user's web browser. This is a different vulnerability from CVE-2018-0665.
CVE-2018-0667||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Installer of INplc SDK Express 3.08 and earlier and Installer of INplc SDK Pro+ 3.08 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0668||Buffer overflow in INplc-RT 3.08 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause denial-of-service (DoS) condition that may result in executing arbtrary code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0669||INplc-RT 3.08 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication to execute an arbitrary command through the protocol-compliant traffic. This is a different vulnerability than CVE-2018-0670.
CVE-2018-0670||INplc-RT 3.08 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication to execute an arbitrary command through the protocol-compliant traffic. This is a different vulnerability than CVE-2018-0669.
CVE-2018-0671||Privilege escalation vulnerability in INplc-RT 3.08 and earlier allows an attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary code on the Windows system via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0672||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Movable Type versions prior to Ver. 6.3.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0673||Directory traversal vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 3.5.0 to 4.6.3 allows authenticated attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0674||AttacheCase ver.2.8.4.0 and earlier allows an arbitrary script execution via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0675||AttacheCase ver.3.3.0.0 and earlier allows an arbitrary script execution via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0676||BN-SDWBP3 firmware version 1.0.9 and earlier allows an attacker on the same network segment to bypass authentication to access to the management screen and execute an arbitrary command via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0677||BN-SDWBP3 firmware version 1.0.9 and earlier allows attacker with administrator rights on the same network segment to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0678||Buffer overflow in BN-SDWBP3 firmware version 1.0.9 and earlier allows an attacker on the same network segment to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0679||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in multiple FXC Inc. network devices (Managed Ethernet switch FXC5210/5218/5224 firmware prior to version Ver1.00.22, Managed Ethernet switch FXC5426F firmware prior to version Ver1.00.06, Managed Ethernet switch FXC5428 firmware prior to version Ver1.00.07, Power over Ethernet (PoE) switch FXC5210PE/5218PE/5224PE firmware prior to version Ver1.00.14, and Wireless LAN router AE1021/AE1021PE firmware all versions) allows attacker with administrator rights to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the administrative page.
CVE-2018-0680||Denbun by NEOJAPAN Inc. (Denbun POP version V3.3P R4.0 and earlier, Denbun IMAP version V3.3I R4.0 and earlier) uses hard-coded credentials, which may allow remote attackers to read/send mail or change the configuration.
CVE-2018-0681||Denbun by NEOJAPAN Inc. (Denbun POP version V3.3P R4.0 and earlier, Denbun IMAP version V3.3I R4.0 and earlier) uses hard-coded credentials, which may allow remote attackers to login to the Management page and change the configuration.
CVE-2018-0682||Denbun by NEOJAPAN Inc. (Denbun POP version V3.3P R4.0 and earlier, Denbun IMAP version V3.3I R4.0 and earlier) does not properly manage sessions, which allows remote attackers to read/send mail or change the configuration via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0683||Buffer overflow in Denbun by NEOJAPAN Inc. (Denbun POP version V3.3P R4.0 and earlier, Denbun IMAP version V3.3I R4.0 and earlier) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition via Cookie data.
CVE-2018-0684||Buffer overflow in Denbun by NEOJAPAN Inc. (Denbun POP version V3.3P R3.0 and earlier, Denbun IMAP version V3.3I R3.0 and earlier) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition via multipart/form-data format data.
CVE-2018-0685||SQL injection vulnerability in the Denbun POP version V3.3P R4.0 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via HTTP requests for mail search.
CVE-2018-0686||Denbun by NEOJAPAN Inc. (Denbun POP version V3.3P R4.0 and earlier, Denbun IMAP version V3.3I R4.0 and earlier) allows remote authenticated attackers to upload and execute any executable files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0687||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Denbun by NEOJAPAN Inc. (Denbun POP version V3.3P R4.0 and earlier, Denbun IMAP version V3.3I R4.0 and earlier) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0688||Open redirect vulnerability in SEIKO EPSON printers and scanners (DS-570W firmware versions released prior to 2018 March 13, DS-780N firmware versions released prior to 2018 March 13, EP-10VA firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 4, EP-30VA firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 19, EP-707A firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-708A firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 7, EP-709A firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 12, EP-777A firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-807AB/AW/AR firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-808AB/AW/AR firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 7, EP-879AB/AW/AR firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 12, EP-907F firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-977A3 firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-978A3 firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 7, EP-979A3 firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 12, EP-M570T firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 6, EW-M5071FT firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 2, EW-M660FT firmware versions released prior to 2018 April 19, EW-M770T firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 6, PF-70 firmware versions released prior to 2018 April 20, PF-71 firmware versions released prior to 2017 July 18, PF-81 firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 14, PX-048A firmware versions released prior to 2017 July 4, PX-049A firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 11, PX-437A firmware versions released prior to 2017 July 24, PX-M350F firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 23, PX-M5040F firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 20, PX-M5041F firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 20, PX-M650A firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 17, PX-M650F firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 17, PX-M680F firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 29, PX-M7050F firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 13, PX-M7050FP firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 13, PX-M7050FX firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 7, PX-M7070FX firmware versions released prior to 2017 April 27, PX-M740F firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 4, PX-M741F firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 4, PX-M780F firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 29, PX-M781F firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 27, PX-M840F firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 16, PX-M840FX firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 8, PX-M860F firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 25, PX-S05B/W firmware versions released prior to 2018 March 9, PX-S350 firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 23, PX-S5040 firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 20, PX-S7050 firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 21, PX-S7050PS firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 21, PX-S7050X firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 7, PX-S7070X firmware versions released prior to 2017 April 27, PX-S740 firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 3, PX-S840 firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 16, PX-S840X firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 8, PX-S860 firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 7) allows remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via the web interface of the affected product.
CVE-2018-0689||HTTP header injection vulnerability in SEIKO EPSON printers and scanners (DS-570W firmware versions released prior to 2018 March 13, DS-780N firmware versions released prior to 2018 March 13, EP-10VA firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 4, EP-30VA firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 19, EP-707A firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-708A firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 7, EP-709A firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 12, EP-777A firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-807AB/AW/AR firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-808AB/AW/AR firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 7, EP-879AB/AW/AR firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 12, EP-907F firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-977A3 firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 1, EP-978A3 firmware versions released prior to 2017 August 7, EP-979A3 firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 12, EP-M570T firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 6, EW-M5071FT firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 2, EW-M660FT firmware versions released prior to 2018 April 19, EW-M770T firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 6, PF-70 firmware versions released prior to 2018 April 20, PF-71 firmware versions released prior to 2017 July 18, PF-81 firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 14, PX-048A firmware versions released prior to 2017 July 4, PX-049A firmware versions released prior to 2017 September 11, PX-437A firmware versions released prior to 2017 July 24, PX-M350F firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 23, PX-M5040F firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 20, PX-M5041F firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 20, PX-M650A firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 17, PX-M650F firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 17, PX-M680F firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 29, PX-M7050F firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 13, PX-M7050FP firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 13, PX-M7050FX firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 7, PX-M7070FX firmware versions released prior to 2017 April 27, PX-M740F firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 4, PX-M741F firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 4, PX-M780F firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 29, PX-M781F firmware versions released prior to 2017 June 27, PX-M840F firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 16, PX-M840FX firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 8, PX-M860F firmware versions released prior to 2017 October 25, PX-S05B/W firmware versions released prior to 2018 March 9, PX-S350 firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 23, PX-S5040 firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 20, PX-S7050 firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 21, PX-S7050PS firmware versions released prior to 2018 February 21, PX-S7050X firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 7, PX-S7070X firmware versions released prior to 2017 April 27, PX-S740 firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 3, PX-S840 firmware versions released prior to 2017 November 16, PX-S840X firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 8, PX-S860 firmware versions released prior to 2017 December 7) may allow a remote attackers to lead a user to a phishing site or execute an arbitrary script on the user's web browser.
CVE-2018-0690||An unvalidated software update vulnerability in Music Center for PC version 1.0.02 and earlier could allow a man-in-the-middle attacker to tamper with an update file and inject executable files.
CVE-2018-0691||Multiple +Message Apps (Softbank +Message App for Android prior to version 10.1.7, Softbank +Message App for iOS prior to version 1.1.23, NTT DOCOMO +Message App for Android prior to version 42.40.2800, NTT DOCOMO +Message App for iOS prior to version 1.1.23, KDDI +Message App for Android prior to version 1.0.6, and KDDI +Message App for iOS prior to version 1.1.23) do not verify X.509 certificates from SSL servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2018-0692||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Baidu Browser Version 43.23.1000.500 and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2018-0693||Directory traversal vulnerability in FileZen V3.0.0 to V4.2.1 allows remote attackers to upload an arbitrary file in the specific directory in FileZen via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0694||FileZen V3.0.0 to V4.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0695||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in User-friendly SVN (USVN) Version 1.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0696||OpenAM (Open Source Edition) 13.0 and later does not properly manage sessions, which allows remote authenticated attackers to change the security questions and reset the login password via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0697||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Metabase version 0.29.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0698||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI v3.2.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0699||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in YukiWiki 2.1.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0700||YukiWiki 2.1.3 and earlier does not process a particular request properly that may allow consumption of large amounts of CPU and memory resources and may result in causing a denial of service condition.
CVE-2018-0701||BlueStacks App Player (BlueStacks App Player for Windows 3.0.0 to 4.31.55, BlueStacks App Player for macOS 2.0.0 and later) allows an attacker on the same network segment to bypass access restriction to gain unauthorized access.
CVE-2018-0702||Directory traversal vulnerability in Cybozu Mailwise 5.0.0 to 5.4.5 allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-0703||Directory traversal vulnerability in Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.1 allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary files via HTTP requests.
CVE-2018-0704||Directory traversal vulnerability in Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.1 allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary files via Keitai Screen.
CVE-2018-0705||Directory traversal vulnerability in Cybozu Dezie 8.0.2 to 8.1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via HTTP requests.
CVE-2018-0706||Exposure of Private Information in QNAP Q'center Virtual Appliance version 1.7.1063 and earlier could allow authenticated users to access sensitive information.
CVE-2018-0707||Command injection vulnerability in change password of QNAP Q'center Virtual Appliance version 1.7.1063 and earlier could allow authenticated users to run arbitrary commands.
CVE-2018-0708||Command injection vulnerability in networking of QNAP Q'center Virtual Appliance version 1.7.1063 and earlier could allow authenticated users to run arbitrary commands.
CVE-2018-0709||Command injection vulnerability in date of QNAP Q'center Virtual Appliance version 1.7.1063 and earlier could allow authenticated users to run arbitrary commands.
CVE-2018-0710||Command injection vulnerability in SSH of QNAP Q'center Virtual Appliance version 1.7.1063 and earlier could allow authenticated users to run arbitrary commands.
CVE-2018-0711||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in QNAP QTS 4.3.3 build 20180126, QTS 4.3.4 build 20180315, and their earlier versions could allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML.
CVE-2018-0712||Command injection vulnerability in LDAP Server in QNAP QTS 4.2.6 build 20171208, QTS 4.3.3 build 20180402, QTS 4.3.4 build 20180413 and their earlier versions could allow remote attackers to run arbitrary commands or install malware on the NAS.
CVE-2018-0714||Command injection vulnerability in Helpdesk versions 1.1.21 and earlier in QNAP QTS 4.2.6 build 20180531, QTS 4.3.3 build 20180528, QTS 4.3.4 build 20180528 and their earlier versions could allow remote attackers to run arbitrary commands in the compromised application.
CVE-2018-0715||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in QNAP Photo Station versions 5.7.0 and earlier could allow remote attackers to inject Javascript code in the compromised application.
CVE-2018-0716||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in QTS 4.2.6 build 20180711, QTS 4.3.3: Qsync Central 3.0.2, QTS 4.3.4: Qsync Central 3.0.3, QTS 4.3.5: Qsync Central 3.0.4 and earlier versions could allow remote attackers to inject Javascript code in the compromised application.
CVE-2018-0718||Command injection vulnerability in Music Station 5.1.2 and earlier versions in QNAP QTS 4.3.3 and 4.3.4 could allow remote attackers to run arbitrary commands in the compromised application.
CVE-2018-0719||Cross-site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in NAS devices of QNAP Systems Inc. QTS allows attackers to inject javascript. This issue affects: QNAP Systems Inc. QTS version 4.2.6 and prior versions on build 20180711; version 4.3.3 and prior versions on build 20180725; version 4.3.4 and prior versions on build 20180710.
CVE-2018-0721||Buffer Overflow vulnerability in NAS devices. QTS allows attackers to run arbitrary code. This issue affects: QNAP Systems Inc. QTS version 4.2.6 and prior versions on build 20180711; version 4.3.3 and prior versions on build 20180725; version 4.3.4 and prior versions on build 20180710.
CVE-2018-0722||Path Traversal vulnerability in Photo Station versions: 5.7.2 and earlier in QTS 4.3.4, 5.4.4 and earlier in QTS 4.3.3, 5.2.8 and earlier in QTS 4.2.6 could allow remote attackers to access sensitive information on the device.
CVE-2018-0723||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Q'center Virtual Appliance 1.8.1014 and earlier versions could allow remote attackers to inject Javascript code in the compromised application, a different vulnerability than CVE-2018-0724.
CVE-2018-0724||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Q'center Virtual Appliance 1.8.1014 and earlier versions could allow remote attackers to inject Javascript code in the compromised application, a different vulnerability than CVE-2018-0723.
CVE-2018-0728||This improper access control vulnerability in Helpdesk allows attackers to access the system logs. To fix the vulnerability, QNAP recommend updating QTS and Helpdesk to their latest versions.
CVE-2018-0729||This command injection vulnerability in Music Station allows attackers to execute commands on the affected device. To fix the vulnerability, QNAP recommend updating Music Station to their latest versions.
CVE-2018-0730||This command injection vulnerability in File Station allows attackers to execute commands on the affected device. To fix the vulnerability, QNAP recommend updating QTS to their latest versions.
CVE-2018-0731||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-0732||During key agreement in a TLS handshake using a DH(E) based ciphersuite a malicious server can send a very large prime value to the client. This will cause the client to spend an unreasonably long period of time generating a key for this prime resulting in a hang until the client has finished. This could be exploited in a Denial Of Service attack. Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.0i-dev (Affected 1.1.0-1.1.0h). Fixed in OpenSSL 1.0.2p-dev (Affected 1.0.2-1.0.2o).
CVE-2018-0733||Because of an implementation bug the PA-RISC CRYPTO_memcmp function is effectively reduced to only comparing the least significant bit of each byte. This allows an attacker to forge messages that would be considered as authenticated in an amount of tries lower than that guaranteed by the security claims of the scheme. The module can only be compiled by the HP-UX assembler, so that only HP-UX PA-RISC targets are affected. Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.0h (Affected 1.1.0-1.1.0g).
CVE-2018-0734||The OpenSSL DSA signature algorithm has been shown to be vulnerable to a timing side channel attack. An attacker could use variations in the signing algorithm to recover the private key. Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.1a (Affected 1.1.1). Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.0j (Affected 1.1.0-1.1.0i). Fixed in OpenSSL 1.0.2q (Affected 1.0.2-1.0.2p).
CVE-2018-0735||The OpenSSL ECDSA signature algorithm has been shown to be vulnerable to a timing side channel attack. An attacker could use variations in the signing algorithm to recover the private key. Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.0j (Affected 1.1.0-1.1.0i). Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.1a (Affected 1.1.1).
CVE-2018-0736||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-0737||The OpenSSL RSA Key generation algorithm has been shown to be vulnerable to a cache timing side channel attack. An attacker with sufficient access to mount cache timing attacks during the RSA key generation process could recover the private key. Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.0i-dev (Affected 1.1.0-1.1.0h). Fixed in OpenSSL 1.0.2p-dev (Affected 1.0.2b-1.0.2o).
CVE-2018-0738||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-0739||Constructed ASN.1 types with a recursive definition (such as can be found in PKCS7) could eventually exceed the stack given malicious input with excessive recursion. This could result in a Denial Of Service attack. There are no such structures used within SSL/TLS that come from untrusted sources so this is considered safe. Fixed in OpenSSL 1.1.0h (Affected 1.1.0-1.1.0g). Fixed in OpenSSL 1.0.2o (Affected 1.0.2b-1.0.2n).
CVE-2018-0740||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-0741||The Color Management Module (Icm32.dll) in Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Color Management Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0742||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0756. CVE-2018-0809, CVE-2018-0820 and CVE-2018-0843.
CVE-2018-0743||Windows Subsystem for Linux in Windows 10 version 1703, Windows 10 version 1709, and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Subsystem for Linux Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0744||The Windows kernel in Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0745||The Windows kernel in Windows 10 version 1703. Windows 10 version 1709, and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0746 and CVE-2018-0747.
CVE-2018-0746||The Windows kernel in Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0745 and CVE-2018-0747.
CVE-2018-0747||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0745 and CVE-2018-0746.
CVE-2018-0748||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0749||The Microsoft Server Message Block (SMB) Server in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way SMB Server handles specially crafted files, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0750||The Windows GDI component in Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0751||The Windows Kernel API in Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way the Kernel API enforces permissions, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0752.
CVE-2018-0752||The Windows Kernel API in Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way the Kernel API enforces permissions, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0751.
CVE-2018-0753||Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allow a denial of service vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows IPSec Denial of Service Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0754||The Windows Adobe Type Manager Font Driver (Atmfd.dll) in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "OpenType Font Driver Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0755||The Microsoft Windows Embedded OpenType (EOT) font engine in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 R2 allows information disclosure, due to how the Windows EOT font engine handles embedded fonts, aka "Windows EOT Font Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0760, CVE-2018-0761, and CVE-2018-0855.
CVE-2018-0756||The Windows kernel in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0742, CVE-2018-0809, CVE-2018-0820 and CVE-2018-0843.
CVE-2018-0757||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0810.
CVE-2018-0758||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0760||The Microsoft Windows Embedded OpenType (EOT) font engine in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 R2, and Windows Server 2012 allows information disclosure, due to how the Windows EOT font engine handles embedded fonts, aka "Windows EOT Font Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0755, CVE-2018-0761, and CVE-2018-0855.
CVE-2018-0761||The Microsoft Windows Embedded OpenType (EOT) font engine in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 R2 allows information disclosure, due to how the Windows EOT font engine handles embedded fonts, aka "Windows EOT Font Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0755, CVE-2018-0760, and CVE-2018-0855.
CVE-2018-0762||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 and R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, and Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0763||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1703 and 1709 allows information disclosure, due to how Edge handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0839.
CVE-2018-0764||Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1, 2.0, 3.0, 3.5, 3.5.1, 4, 4.5, 4.5.1, 4.5.2, 4.6, 4.6.1, 4.6.2 and 5.7 and .NET Core 1.0. 1.1 and 2.0 allow a denial of service vulnerability due to the way XML documents are processed, aka ".NET and .NET Core Denial Of Service Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0765.
CVE-2018-0765||A denial of service vulnerability exists when .NET and .NET Core improperly process XML documents, aka ".NET and .NET Core Denial of Service Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0, Microsoft .NET Framework 3.0, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.7.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6/4.6.1/4.6.2/4.7/4.7.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.5.2, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.7/4.7.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6, Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5, Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6/4.6.1/4.6.2, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2/4.7/4.7.1, .NET Core 2.0, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.7.2.
CVE-2018-0766||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to obtain information to further compromise the user's system, due to how the Microsoft Edge PDF Reader handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0767||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to obtain information to further compromise the user's system, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0780 and CVE-2018-0800.
CVE-2018-0768||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 1709 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0769||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0770||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0771||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1607, 1703, and Windows Server 2016 allows a security feature bypass, due to how Edge handles different-origin requests, aka "Microsoft Edge Security Feature Bypass".
CVE-2018-0772||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 and R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, and Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0773||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 1709 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0774||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 1709 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0775||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 1709 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0776||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0777, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0777||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0778, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0778||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 1709 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, and CVE-2018-0781.
CVE-2018-0780||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to obtain information to further compromise the user's system, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0767 and CVE-2018-0800.
CVE-2018-0781||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0758, CVE-2018-0762, CVE-2018-0768, CVE-2018-0769, CVE-2018-0770, CVE-2018-0772, CVE-2018-0773, CVE-2018-0774, CVE-2018-0775, CVE-2018-0776, CVE-2018-0777, and CVE-2018-0778.
CVE-2018-0784||ASP.NET Core 1.0. 1.1, and 2.0 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the ASP.NET Core project templates, aka "ASP.NET Core Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0808.
CVE-2018-0785||ASP.NET Core 1.0. 1.1, and 2.0 allow a cross site request forgery vulnerability due to the ASP.NET Core project templates, aka "ASP.NET Core Cross Site Request Forgery Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0786||Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 SP2, 3.0 SP2, 3.5, 3.5.1, 4.5.2, 4.6, 4.6.1, 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, .NET Core 1.0 and 2.0, and PowerShell Core 6.0.0 allow a security feature bypass vulnerability due to the way certificates are validated, aka ".NET Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability."
CVE-2018-0787||ASP.NET Core 1.0. 1.1, and 2.0 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how web applications that are created from templates validate web requests, aka "ASP.NET Core Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0788||The Windows Adobe Type Manager Font Driver (Atmfd.dll) in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, and Windows Server 2012 and R2 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "OpenType Font Driver Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0789||Microsoft SharePoint Foundation 2010, Microsoft SharePoint Server 2013 and Microsoft SharePoint Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way web requests are handled, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0790.
CVE-2018-0790||Microsoft SharePoint Foundation 2010, Microsoft SharePoint Server 2013 and Microsoft SharePoint Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way web requests are handled, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0789.
CVE-2018-0791||Microsoft Outlook 2007, Microsoft Outlook 2010, Microsoft Outlook 2013, and Microsoft Outlook 2016 allow a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way email messages are parsed, aka "Microsoft Outlook Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0793.
CVE-2018-0792||Microsoft Word 2016 in Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0794.
CVE-2018-0793||Microsoft Outlook 2007, Microsoft Outlook 2010 and Microsoft Outlook 2013 allow a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way email messages are parsed, aka "Microsoft Outlook Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0791.
CVE-2018-0794||Microsoft Word in Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0792.
CVE-2018-0795||Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allow a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Remote Code Execution Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0796||Microsoft Excel in Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Excel Remote Code Execution Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0797||Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allow a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way RTF content is handled, aka "Microsoft Word Memory Corruption Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0798||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Memory Corruption Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0799||Microsoft Access in Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2013 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allows a cross-site-scripting (XSS) vulnerability due to the way image field values are handled, aka "Microsoft Access Tampering Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0800||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1709 allows an attacker to obtain information to further compromise the user's system, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0767 and CVE-2018-0780.
CVE-2018-0801||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Remote Code Execution Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0802||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allow a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0797 and CVE-2018-0812.
CVE-2018-0803||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows an attacker to access information from one domain and inject it into another domain, due to how Microsoft Edge enforces cross-domain policies, aka "Microsoft Edge Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0804||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0805, CVE-2018-0806, and CVE-2018-0807.
CVE-2018-0805||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0804, CVE-2018-0806, and CVE-2018-0807
CVE-2018-0806||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0804, CVE-2018-0805, and CVE-2018-0807.
CVE-2018-0807||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0804, CVE-2018-0805, and CVE-2018-0806.
CVE-2018-0808||ASP.NET Core 1.0. 1.1, and 2.0 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how ASP.NET web applications handle web requests, aka "ASP.NET Core Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0784.
CVE-2018-0809||The Windows kernel in Windows 10, versions 1703 and 1709, and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0742, CVE-2018-0756, CVE-2018-0820 and CVE-2018-0843.
CVE-2018-0810||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2, and Windows Server 2012 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory is initialized, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0757.
CVE-2018-0811||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are initialized in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0812||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Memory Corruption Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0813||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are initialized in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, and CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0814||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way objects are initialized in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, and CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0815||The Windows Graphics Device Interface (GDI) in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1 and Windows 7 SP1 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows GDI Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0816, and CVE-2018-0817.
CVE-2018-0816||The Windows Graphics Device Interface (GDI) in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows GDI Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0815 and CVE-2018-0817.
CVE-2018-0817||The Windows Graphics Device Interface (GDI) in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows GDI Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0815 and CVE-2018-0816.
CVE-2018-0818||Microsoft ChakraCore allows an attacker to bypass Control Flow Guard (CFG) in conjunction with another vulnerability to run arbitrary code on a target system, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles accessing memory, aka "Scripting Engine Security Feature Bypass".
CVE-2018-0819||Microsoft Office 2016 for Mac allows an attacker to send a specially crafted email attachment to a user in an attempt to launch a social engineering attack, such as phishing, due to how Outlook for Mac displays encoded email addresses, aka "Spoofing Vulnerability in Microsoft Office for Mac."
CVE-2018-0820||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0742, CVE-2018-0756, CVE-2018-0809 and CVE-2018-0843.
CVE-2018-0821||AppContainer in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way constrained impersonations are handled, aka "Windows AppContainer Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0822||NTFS in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way NTFS handles objects, aka "Windows NTFS Global Reparse Point Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0823||The Named Pipe File System in Windows 10 version 1709 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way the Named Pipe File System handles objects, aka "Named Pipe File System Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0824||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in "Microsoft COM for Windows" when it fails to properly handle serialized objects, aka "Microsoft COM for Windows Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0825||StructuredQuery in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to how objects are handled in memory, aka "StructuredQuery Remote Code Execution Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0826||Windows Storage Services in Windows 10 versions 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Storage Services Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0827||Windows Scripting Host (WSH) in Windows 10 versions 1703 and 1709 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows a Device Guard security feature bypass vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0828||Windows 10 version 1607 and Windows Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how the MultiPoint management account password is stored, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0829||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0830 and CVE-2018-0832.
CVE-2018-0830||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0829 and CVE-2018-0832.
CVE-2018-0831||The Windows kernel in Windows 10 versions 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0832||The Windows kernel in Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0829 and CVE-2018-0830.
CVE-2018-0833||The Microsoft Server Message Block 2.0 and 3.0 (SMBv2/SMBv3) client in Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1 and Windows Server 2012 R2 allows a denial of service vulnerability due to how specially crafted requests are handled, aka "SMBv2/SMBv3 Null Dereference Denial of Service Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0834||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0835||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0836||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 1703 and 1709 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0837||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0838||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0839||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1703 allows information disclosure, due to how Edge handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0763.
CVE-2018-0840||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, and Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0841||Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to how objects are handled in memory, aka "Office Remote Code Execution Vulnerability"
CVE-2018-0842||Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0843||The Windows kernel in Windows 10 version 1709 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0742, CVE-2018-0756, CVE-2018-0809 and CVE-2018-0820.
CVE-2018-0844||The Windows Common Log File System (CLFS) driver in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Common Log File System Driver Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0846.
CVE-2018-0845||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0805, CVE-2018-0806, and CVE-2018-0807.
CVE-2018-0846||The Windows Common Log File System (CLFS) driver in Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how objects in memory are handled, aka "Windows Common Log File System Driver Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0844.
CVE-2018-0847||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, and Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allow information disclosure, due to how Internet Explorer handles objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0848||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0805, CVE-2018-0806, and CVE-2018-0807.
CVE-2018-0849||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0805, CVE-2018-0806, and CVE-2018-0807.
CVE-2018-0850||Microsoft Outlook 2007, Microsoft Outlook 2010, Microsoft Outlook 2013, Microsoft Outlook 2016, and Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how the format of incoming message is validated, aka "Microsoft Outlook Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0851||Microsoft Office 2007 SP2, Microsoft Office Word Viewer, Microsoft Office 2010 SP2, Microsoft Office 2013 SP1 and RT SP1, Microsoft Office 2016, and Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run (C2R) allow a remote code execution vulnerability, due to how Office handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0852.
CVE-2018-0852||Microsoft Outlook 2007 SP3, Microsoft Outlook 2010 SP2, Microsoft Outlook 2013 SP1 and RT SP1, Microsoft Outlook 2016, and Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run (C2R) allow a remote code execution vulnerability, due to how Outlook handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0851.
CVE-2018-0853||Microsoft Office 2010 SP2, Microsoft Office 2013 SP1 and RT SP1, Microsoft Office 2016, and Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run (C2R) allow an information disclosure vulnerability, due to how Office initializes the affected variable, aka "Microsoft Office Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0854||A security feature bypass vulnerability exists in Windows Scripting Host which could allow an attacker to bypass Device Guard, aka "Windows Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0958, CVE-2018-8129, CVE-2018-8132.
CVE-2018-0855||The Microsoft Windows Embedded OpenType (EOT) font engine in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 R2 allows information disclosure, due to how the Windows EOT font engine handles embedded fonts, aka "Windows EOT Font Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0755, CVE-2018-0760, and CVE-2018-0761.
CVE-2018-0856||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 1703 and 1709 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0857||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0858||ChakraCore allows remote code execution, due to how the ChakraCore scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0859||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0860, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0860||Microsoft Edge and ChakraCore in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0861, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0861||Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1607, 1703, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, and CVE-2018-0866.
CVE-2018-0862||Equation Editor in Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office 2010, Microsoft Office 2013, and Microsoft Office 2016 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0805, CVE-2018-0806, and CVE-2018-0807.
CVE-2018-0864||SharePoint Project Server 2013 and SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an information disclosure vulnerability due to how web requests are handled, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0866||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 and R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0834, CVE-2018-0835, CVE-2018-0836, CVE-2018-0837, CVE-2018-0838, CVE-2018-0840, CVE-2018-0856, CVE-2018-0857, CVE-2018-0858, CVE-2018-0859, CVE-2018-0860, and CVE-2018-0861.
CVE-2018-0868||Windows Installer in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how input is sanitized, aka "Windows Installer Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0869||SharePoint Server 2016 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how web requests are handled, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0870||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Internet Explorer improperly accesses objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 11. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0991, CVE-2018-0997, CVE-2018-1018, CVE-2018-1020.
CVE-2018-0871||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Edge improperly marks files, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-8234.
CVE-2018-0872||ChakraCore and Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0934, CVE-2018-0936, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0873||ChakraCore and Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0934, CVE-2018-0936, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0874||ChakraCore and Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0934, CVE-2018-0936, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0875||.NET Core 1.0, .NET Core 1.1, NET Core 2.0 and PowerShell Core 6.0.0 allow a denial of Service vulnerability due to how specially crafted requests are handled, aka ".NET Core Denial of Service Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0876||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0889, CVE-2018-0893, CVE-2018-0925, and CVE-2018-0935.
CVE-2018-0877||The Desktop Bridge Virtual File System (VFS) in Windows 10 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how file paths are managed, aka "Windows Desktop Bridge VFS Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0878||Windows Remote Assistance in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to how XML External Entities (XXE) are processed, aka "Windows Remote Assistance Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0879||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 1709 allows information disclosure, due to how Edge handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0880||The Desktop Bridge in Windows 10 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how the virtual registry is managed, aka "Windows Desktop Bridge Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0882.
CVE-2018-0881||The Microsoft Video Control in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege due to how objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Video Control Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0882||The Desktop Bridge in Windows 10 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how the virtual registry is managed, aka "Windows Desktop Bridge Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0880.
CVE-2018-0883||Windows Shell in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to how file copy destinations are validated, aka "Windows Shell Remote Code Execution Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0884||Windows Scripting Host (WSH) in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows a security feature bypass vulnerability due to how objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0902.
CVE-2018-0885||The Microsoft Hyper-V Network Switch in 64-bit versions of Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows a denial of service vulnerability due to how input from a privileged user on a guest operating system is validated, aka "Hyper-V Denial of Service Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0886||The Credential Security Support Provider protocol (CredSSP) in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709 Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows a remote code execution vulnerability due to how CredSSP validates request during the authentication process, aka "CredSSP Remote Code Execution Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0887||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when the Windows kernel fails to properly initialize a memory address, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0888||The Microsoft Hyper-V Network Switch in 64-bit versions of Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to how guest operating system input is validated, aka "Hyper-V Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0889||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0876, CVE-2018-0893, CVE-2018-0925, and CVE-2018-0935.
CVE-2018-0890||A security feature bypass vulnerability exists when Active Directory incorrectly applies Network Isolation settings, aka "Active Directory Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0891||ChakraCore, and Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 and R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, and Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allow information disclosure, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0939.
CVE-2018-0892||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Microsoft Edge improperly handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0998.
CVE-2018-0893||Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0876, CVE-2018-0889, CVE-2018-0925, and CVE-2018-0935.
CVE-2018-0894||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0895||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0896||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0897||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0898||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0899||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0900, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0900||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0901 and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0901||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, and CVE-2018-0926.
CVE-2018-0902||The Cryptography Next Generation (CNG) kernel-mode driver (cng.sys) in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709. Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows a security feature bypass vulnerability due to the way the kernel-mode driver validates and enforces impersonation levels, aka "Windows Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0884.
CVE-2018-0903||Microsoft Access 2010 SP2, Microsoft Access 2013 SP1, Microsoft Access 2016, and Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run allow a remote code execution vulnerability due to how objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Access Remote Code Execution Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0904||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows information disclosure vulnerability due to how memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0907||Microsoft Excel 2007 SP3, Microsoft Excel 2010 SP2, Microsoft Excel 2013 SP1, Microsoft Excel 2016, Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run and Microsoft Office 2016 for Mac allow a security feature bypass vulnerability due to how macro settings are enforced, aka "Microsoft Office Excel Security Feature Bypass".
CVE-2018-0908||Microsoft Identity Manager 2016 SP1 allows an attacker to gain elevated privileges when it does not properly sanitize a specially crafted attribute value being displayed to a user on an affected MIM 2016 server, aka "Microsoft Identity Manager XSS Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability."
CVE-2018-0909||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0910, CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913, CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0910||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913, CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0911||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913, CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0912||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0913, CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0913||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0913, CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0914||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0915||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0916||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913 CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0917||Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913 CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0919||Microsoft Office 2010 SP2, 2013 SP1, and 2016, Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run Microsoft Office 2016 for Mac, Microsoft Office Web Apps 2010 SP2, Microsoft Office Web Apps 2013 SP1, Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2013 SP1, Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016, Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 SP2, Microsoft Word 2010 SP2, Word 2013 SP1 and Microsoft Word 2016 allow an information disclosure vulnerability due to how variables are initialized, aka "Microsoft Office Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0920||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Excel software when the software fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Excel Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Excel. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1011, CVE-2018-1027, CVE-2018-1029.
CVE-2018-0921||Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913 CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0923, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0922||Microsoft Office 2010 SP2, 2013 SP1, and 2016, Microsoft Office 2016 Click-to-Run Microsoft Office 2016 for Mac, Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack SP2, Microsoft Office Web Apps 2010 SP2, Microsoft Office Web Apps 2013 SP1, Microsoft Office Word Viewer, Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2013 SP1, Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016, Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack SP2, Microsoft Online Server 2016, Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 SP2, Microsoft Word 2007 SP3, Microsoft Word 2010 SP2, Word 2013 and Microsoft Word 2016 allow a remote code execution vulnerability due to how objects are handled in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Memory Corruption Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0923||Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913 CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0944 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0924||Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 3 Update Rollup 20, Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 Cumulative Update 18, Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 Cumulative Update 19, Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 Service Pack 1, Microsoft Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 7, and Microsoft Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 8 allow an information disclosure vulnerability due to how URL redirects are handled, aka "Microsoft Exchange Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0941.
CVE-2018-0925||ChakraCore allows remote code execution, due to how the ChakraCore scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0876, CVE-2018-0889, CVE-2018-0893, and CVE-2018-0935.
CVE-2018-0926||The Windows kernel in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 and RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an information disclosure vulnerability due to the way memory addresses are handled, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0811, CVE-2018-0813, CVE-2018-0814, CVE-2018-0894, CVE-2018-0895, CVE-2018-0896, CVE-2018-0897, CVE-2018-0898, CVE-2018-0899, CVE-2018-0900, and CVE-2018-0901.
CVE-2018-0927||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, and Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows information disclosure, due to how Microsoft browsers handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Browser Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0929||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allow information disclosure, due to how Internet Explorer handles objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0930||ChakraCore and Microsoft Edge in Microsoft Windows 10 1709 allows remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0934, CVE-2018-0936, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0931||ChakraCore and Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0934, CVE-2018-0936, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0932||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, and Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows information disclosure, due to how Microsoft browsers handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Browser Information Disclosure Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0933||ChakraCore and Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0934, CVE-2018-0936, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0934||ChakraCore and Microsoft Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0936, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0935||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 and R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allows remote code execution, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0876, CVE-2018-0889, CVE-2018-0893, and CVE-2018-0925.
CVE-2018-0936||ChakraCore and Microsoft Windows 10 1709 allow remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0934, and CVE-2018-0937.
CVE-2018-0937||ChakraCore and Microsoft Windows 10 1703 and 1709 allow remote code execution, due to how the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0872, CVE-2018-0873, CVE-2018-0874, CVE-2018-0930, CVE-2018-0931, CVE-2018-0933, CVE-2018-0934, and CVE-2018-0936.
CVE-2018-0939||ChakraCore and Microsoft Edge in Windows 10 1703 and 1709 allow information disclosure, due to how the scripting engine handles objects in memory, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0891.
CVE-2018-0940||Microsoft Exchange Outlook Web Access (OWA) in Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 3 Update Rollup 20, Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 Cumulative Update 18, Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 Cumulative Update 19, Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 Service Pack 1, Microsoft Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 7, and Microsoft Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 8 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how links in the body of an email message are rewritten, aka "Microsoft Exchange Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0941||Microsoft Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 7 and Microsoft Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 8 allow an information disclosure vulnerability due to how data is imported, aka "Microsoft Exchange Information Disclosure Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0924.
CVE-2018-0942||Internet Explorer in Microsoft Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 SP2 and R2 SP1, Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 and R2, Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, 1709, and Windows Server 2016 allow elevation of privilege, due to how Internet Explorer handles zone and integrity settings, aka "Internet Explorer Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0943||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-8130, CVE-2018-8133, CVE-2018-8145, CVE-2018-8177.
CVE-2018-0944||Microsoft Project Server 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913 CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923 and CVE-2018-0947.
CVE-2018-0945||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0946, CVE-2018-0951, CVE-2018-0953, CVE-2018-0954, CVE-2018-0955, CVE-2018-1022, CVE-2018-8114, CVE-2018-8122, CVE-2018-8128, CVE-2018-8137, CVE-2018-8139.
CVE-2018-0946||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0945, CVE-2018-0951, CVE-2018-0953, CVE-2018-0954, CVE-2018-0955, CVE-2018-1022, CVE-2018-8114, CVE-2018-8122, CVE-2018-8128, CVE-2018-8137, CVE-2018-8139.
CVE-2018-0947||Microsoft SharePoint Foundation 2013 SP1 and Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise Server 2016 allow an elevation of privilege vulnerability to due how specially crafted web requests are sanitized, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability". This CVE is unique from CVE-2018-0909, CVE-2018-0910. CVE-2018-0911, CVE-2018-0912, CVE-2018-0913 CVE-2018-0914, CVE-2018-0915, CVE-2018-0916, CVE-2018-0917, CVE-2018-0921, CVE-2018-0923 and CVE-2018-0944.
CVE-2018-0949||A security feature bypass vulnerability exists when Microsoft Internet Explorer improperly handles requests involving UNC resources, aka "Internet Explorer Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10.
CVE-2018-0950||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Office renders Rich Text Format (RTF) email messages containing OLE objects when a message is opened or previewed, aka "Microsoft Office Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Word, Microsoft Office. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1007.
CVE-2018-0951||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0945, CVE-2018-0946, CVE-2018-0953, CVE-2018-0954, CVE-2018-0955, CVE-2018-1022, CVE-2018-8114, CVE-2018-8122, CVE-2018-8128, CVE-2018-8137, CVE-2018-8139.
CVE-2018-0952||An Elevation of Privilege vulnerability exists when Diagnostics Hub Standard Collector allows file creation in arbitrary locations, aka "Diagnostic Hub Standard Collector Elevation Of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Microsoft Visual Studio, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0953||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0945, CVE-2018-0946, CVE-2018-0951, CVE-2018-0954, CVE-2018-0955, CVE-2018-1022, CVE-2018-8114, CVE-2018-8122, CVE-2018-8128, CVE-2018-8137, CVE-2018-8139.
CVE-2018-0954||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft browsers, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, ChakraCore, Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0945, CVE-2018-0946, CVE-2018-0951, CVE-2018-0953, CVE-2018-0955, CVE-2018-1022, CVE-2018-8114, CVE-2018-8122, CVE-2018-8128, CVE-2018-8137, CVE-2018-8139.
CVE-2018-0955||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0945, CVE-2018-0946, CVE-2018-0951, CVE-2018-0953, CVE-2018-0954, CVE-2018-1022, CVE-2018-8114, CVE-2018-8122, CVE-2018-8128, CVE-2018-8137, CVE-2018-8139.
CVE-2018-0956||A denial of service vulnerability exists in the HTTP 2.0 protocol stack (HTTP.sys) when HTTP.sys improperly parses specially crafted HTTP 2.0 requests, aka "HTTP.sys Denial of Service Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0957||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Windows Hyper-V on a host operating system fails to properly validate input from an authenticated user on a guest operating system, aka "Hyper-V Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0964.
CVE-2018-0958||A security feature bypass vulnerability exists in Windows which could allow an attacker to bypass Device Guard, aka "Windows Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0854, CVE-2018-8129, CVE-2018-8132.
CVE-2018-0959||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Windows Hyper-V on a host server fails to properly validate input from an authenticated user on a guest operating system, aka "Hyper-V Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0960||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when the Windows kernel improperly handles objects in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0961||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Windows Hyper-V on a host server fails to properly validate vSMB packet data, aka "Hyper-V vSMB Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0963||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in the way that the Windows Kernel handles objects in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0964||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Windows Hyper-V on a host operating system fails to properly validate input from an authenticated user on a guest operating system, aka "Hyper-V Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0957.
CVE-2018-0965||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Windows Hyper-V on a host server fails to properly validate input from an authenticated user on a guest operating system, aka "Windows Hyper-V Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-8439.
CVE-2018-0966||A security feature bypass exists when Device Guard incorrectly validates an untrusted file, aka "Device Guard Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0967||A denial of service vulnerability exists in the way that Windows SNMP Service handles malformed SNMP traps, aka "Windows SNMP Service Denial of Service Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0968||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0969||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0970||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0971||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0972||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0973||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0974, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0974||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0975.
CVE-2018-0975||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the Windows kernel that could allow an attacker to retrieve information that could lead to a Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) bypass, aka "Windows Kernel Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0887, CVE-2018-0960, CVE-2018-0968, CVE-2018-0969, CVE-2018-0970, CVE-2018-0971, CVE-2018-0972, CVE-2018-0973, CVE-2018-0974.
CVE-2018-0976||A denial of service vulnerability exists in Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) when an attacker connects to the target system using RDP and sends specially crafted requests, aka "Windows Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) Denial of Service Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0977||The Windows kernel mode driver in Windows 10 Gold, 1511, 1607, 1703, and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to how objects are handled in memory, aka "Win32k Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0978||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Internet Explorer improperly accesses objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-8249.
CVE-2018-0979||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0980, CVE-2018-0990, CVE-2018-0993, CVE-2018-0994, CVE-2018-0995, CVE-2018-1019.
CVE-2018-0980||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0979, CVE-2018-0990, CVE-2018-0993, CVE-2018-0994, CVE-2018-0995, CVE-2018-1019.
CVE-2018-0981||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0987, CVE-2018-0989, CVE-2018-1000.
CVE-2018-0982||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in the way that the Windows Kernel API enforces permissions, aka "Windows Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2016, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-0983||Windows Storage Services in Windows 10 versions 1511, 1607, 1703 and 1709, Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server, version 1709 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way objects are handled in memory, aka "Windows Storage Services Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability".
CVE-2018-0986||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Microsoft Malware Protection Engine does not properly scan a specially crafted file, leading to memory corruption, aka "Microsoft Malware Protection Engine Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows Defender, Windows Intune Endpoint Protection, Microsoft Security Essentials, Microsoft System Center Endpoint Protection, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft System Center, Microsoft Forefront Endpoint Protection.
CVE-2018-0987||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when the scripting engine does not properly handle objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0981, CVE-2018-0989, CVE-2018-1000.
CVE-2018-0988||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0996, CVE-2018-1001.
CVE-2018-0989||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0981, CVE-2018-0987, CVE-2018-1000.
CVE-2018-0990||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0979, CVE-2018-0980, CVE-2018-0993, CVE-2018-0994, CVE-2018-0995, CVE-2018-1019.
CVE-2018-0991||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Internet Explorer improperly accesses objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0870, CVE-2018-0997, CVE-2018-1018, CVE-2018-1020.
CVE-2018-0993||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0979, CVE-2018-0980, CVE-2018-0990, CVE-2018-0994, CVE-2018-0995, CVE-2018-1019.
CVE-2018-0994||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0979, CVE-2018-0980, CVE-2018-0990, CVE-2018-0993, CVE-2018-0995, CVE-2018-1019.
CVE-2018-0995||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0979, CVE-2018-0980, CVE-2018-0990, CVE-2018-0993, CVE-2018-0994, CVE-2018-1019.
CVE-2018-0996||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0988, CVE-2018-1001.
CVE-2018-0997||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Internet Explorer improperly accesses objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 11. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0870, CVE-2018-0991, CVE-2018-1018, CVE-2018-1020.
CVE-2018-0998||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Microsoft Edge PDF Reader improperly handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0892.
CVE-2018-1000||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0981, CVE-2018-0987, CVE-2018-0989.
CVE-2018-10000||The Video Downloader professional extension before 2018-04-05 for Chrome has Universal XSS (UXSS) via vectors related to a link64_msgAddLinks event.
CVE-2018-1000001||In glibc 2.26 and earlier there is confusion in the usage of getcwd() by realpath() which can be used to write before the destination buffer leading to a buffer underflow and potential code execution.
CVE-2018-1000002||Improper input validation bugs in DNSSEC validators components in Knot Resolver (prior version 1.5.2) allow attacker in man-in-the-middle position to deny existence of some data in DNS via packet replay.
CVE-2018-1000003||Improper input validation bugs in DNSSEC validators components in PowerDNS version 4.1.0 allow attacker in man-in-the-middle position to deny existence of some data in DNS via packet replay.
CVE-2018-1000004||In the Linux kernel 4.12, 3.10, 2.6 and possibly earlier versions a race condition vulnerability exists in the sound system, this can lead to a deadlock and denial of service condition.
CVE-2018-1000005||libcurl 7.49.0 to and including 7.57.0 contains an out bounds read in code handling HTTP/2 trailers. It was reported (https://github.com/curl/curl/pull/2231) that reading an HTTP/2 trailer could mess up future trailers since the stored size was one byte less than required. The problem is that the code that creates HTTP/1-like headers from the HTTP/2 trailer data once appended a string like `:` to the target buffer, while this was recently changed to `: ` (a space was added after the colon) but the following math wasn't updated correspondingly. When accessed, the data is read out of bounds and causes either a crash or that the (too large) data gets passed to client write. This could lead to a denial-of-service situation or an information disclosure if someone has a service that echoes back or uses the trailers for something.
CVE-2018-1000006||GitHub Electron versions 1.8.2-beta.3 and earlier, 1.7.10 and earlier, 1.6.15 and earlier has a vulnerability in the protocol handler, specifically Electron apps running on Windows 10, 7 or 2008 that register custom protocol handlers can be tricked in arbitrary command execution if the user clicks on a specially crafted URL. This has been fixed in versions 1.8.2-beta.4, 1.7.11, and 1.6.16.
CVE-2018-1000007||libcurl 7.1 through 7.57.0 might accidentally leak authentication data to third parties. When asked to send custom headers in its HTTP requests, libcurl will send that set of headers first to the host in the initial URL but also, if asked to follow redirects and a 30X HTTP response code is returned, to the host mentioned in URL in the `Location:` response header value. Sending the same set of headers to subsequent hosts is in particular a problem for applications that pass on custom `Authorization:` headers, as this header often contains privacy sensitive information or data that could allow others to impersonate the libcurl-using client's request.
CVE-2018-1000008||Jenkins PMD Plugin 3.49 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000009||Jenkins Checkstyle Plugin 3.49 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000010||Jenkins DRY Plugin 2.49 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000011||Jenkins FindBugs Plugin 4.71 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000012||Jenkins Warnings Plugin 4.64 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000013||Jenkins Release Plugin 2.9 and earlier did not require form submissions to be submitted via POST, resulting in a CSRF vulnerability allowing attackers to trigger release builds.
CVE-2018-1000014||Jenkins Translation Assistance Plugin 1.15 and earlier did not require form submissions to be submitted via POST, resulting in a CSRF vulnerability allowing attackers to override localized strings displayed to all users on the current Jenkins instance if the victim is a Jenkins administrator.
CVE-2018-1000015||On Jenkins instances with Authorize Project plugin, the authentication associated with a build may lack the Computer/Build permission on some agents. This did not prevent the execution of Pipeline `node` blocks on those agents due to incorrect permissions checks in Pipeline: Nodes and Processes plugin 2.17 and earlier.
CVE-2018-1000016||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2017-17383.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2017-17383.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2017-17383 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000017||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2015-1142857.  Reason: This candidate is effectively a reservation duplicate of CVE-2015-1142857, originally it was thought that an incomplete fix occurred and a second CVE was needed, however this does not appear to be the case. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2015-1142857 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000018||An information disclosure in ovirt-hosted-engine-setup prior to 2.2.7 reveals the root user's password in the log file.
CVE-2018-1000019||OpenEMR version 5.0.0 contains a OS Command Injection vulnerability in fax_dispatch.php that can result in OS command injection by an authenticated attacker with any role. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.0.0 Patch 2 or higher.
CVE-2018-1000020||OpenEMR version 5.0.0 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in open-flash-chart.swf and _posteddata.php that can result in . This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.0.0 Patch 2 or higher.
CVE-2018-1000021||GIT version 2.15.1 and earlier contains a Input Validation Error vulnerability in Client that can result in problems including messing up terminal configuration to RCE. This attack appear to be exploitable via The user must interact with a malicious git server, (or have their traffic modified in a MITM attack).
CVE-2018-1000022||Electrum Technologies GmbH Electrum Bitcoin Wallet version prior to version 3.0.5 contains a Missing Authorization vulnerability in JSONRPC interface that can result in Bitcoin theft, if the user's wallet is not password protected. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must visit a web page with specially crafted javascript. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.0.5.
CVE-2018-1000023||Bitpay/insight-api Insight-api version 5.0.0 and earlier contains a CWE-20: input validation vulnerability in transaction broadcast endpoint that can result in Full Path Disclosure. This attack appear to be exploitable via Web request.
CVE-2018-1000024||The Squid Software Foundation Squid HTTP Caching Proxy version 3.0 to 3.5.27, 4.0 to 4.0.22 contains a Incorrect Pointer Handling vulnerability in ESI Response Processing that can result in Denial of Service for all clients using the proxy.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Remote server delivers an HTTP response payload containing valid but unusual ESI syntax.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 4.0.23 and later.
CVE-2018-1000025||Jerome Gamez Firebase Admin SDK for PHP version from 3.2.0 to 3.8.0 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in src/Firebase/Auth/IdTokenVerifier.php does not verify for token signature that can result in JWT with any email address and user ID could be forged from an actual token, or from thin air. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker would only need to know email address of the victim on most cases.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.8.1.
CVE-2018-1000026||Linux Linux kernel version at least v4.8 onwards, probably well before contains a Insufficient input validation vulnerability in bnx2x network card driver that can result in DoS: Network card firmware assertion takes card off-line. This attack appear to be exploitable via An attacker on a must pass a very large, specially crafted packet to the bnx2x card. This can be done from an untrusted guest VM..
CVE-2018-1000027||The Squid Software Foundation Squid HTTP Caching Proxy version prior to version 4.0.23 contains a NULL Pointer Dereference vulnerability in HTTP Response X-Forwarded-For header processing that can result in Denial of Service to all clients of the proxy. This attack appear to be exploitable via Remote HTTP server responding with an X-Forwarded-For header to certain types of HTTP request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 4.0.23 and later.
CVE-2018-1000028||Linux kernel version after commit bdcf0a423ea1 - 4.15-rc4+, 4.14.8+, 4.9.76+, 4.4.111+ contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in NFS server (nfsd) that can result in remote users reading or writing files they should not be able to via NFS. This attack appear to be exploitable via NFS server must export a filesystem with the "rootsquash" options enabled. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 1995266727fa.
CVE-2018-1000029||mcholste Enterprise Log Search and Archive (ELSA) version revision 1205, commit 2cc17f1 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index view (/) that can result in . This attack appear to be exploitable via Payload delivered via the type, name, and value parameters of /Query/set_preference and the name and value parameters of /Query/preference. Payload executed when the user visits the index view (/).
CVE-2018-1000030||Python 2.7.14 is vulnerable to a Heap-Buffer-Overflow as well as a Heap-Use-After-Free. Python versions prior to 2.7.14 may also be vulnerable and it appears that Python 2.7.17 and prior may also be vulnerable however this has not been confirmed. The vulnerability lies when multiply threads are handling large amounts of data. In both cases there is essentially a race condition that occurs. For the Heap-Buffer-Overflow, Thread 2 is creating the size for a buffer, but Thread1 is already writing to the buffer without knowing how much to write. So when a large amount of data is being processed, it is very easy to cause memory corruption using a Heap-Buffer-Overflow. As for the Use-After-Free, Thread3->Malloc->Thread1->Free's->Thread2-Re-uses-Free'd Memory. The PSRT has stated that this is not a security vulnerability due to the fact that the attacker must be able to run code, however in some situations, such as function as a service, this vulnerability can potentially be used by an attacker to violate a trust boundary, as such the DWF feels this issue deserves a CVE.
CVE-2018-1000031||A heap-based buffer overflow exists in Info-Zip UnZip version 6.10c22 that allows an attacker to perform a denial of service or to possibly achieve code execution.
CVE-2018-1000032||A heap-based buffer overflow exists in Info-Zip UnZip version 6.10c22 that allows an attacker to perform a denial of service or to possibly achieve code execution.
CVE-2018-1000033||An out-of-bounds read exists in Info-Zip UnZip version 6.10c22 that allows an attacker to perform a denial of service and read sensitive memory.
CVE-2018-1000034||An out-of-bounds read exists in Info-Zip UnZip version 6.10c22 that allows an attacker to perform a denial of service and read sensitive memory.
CVE-2018-1000035||A heap-based buffer overflow exists in Info-Zip UnZip version <= 6.00 in the processing of password-protected archives that allows an attacker to perform a denial of service or to possibly achieve code execution.
CVE-2018-1000036||In MuPDF 1.12.0 and earlier, multiple memory leaks in the PDF parser allow an attacker to cause a denial of service (memory leak) via a crafted file.
CVE-2018-1000037||In MuPDF 1.12.0 and earlier, multiple reachable assertions in the PDF parser allow an attacker to cause a denial of service (assert crash) via a crafted file.
CVE-2018-1000038||In MuPDF 1.12.0 and earlier, a stack buffer overflow in function pdf_lookup_cmap_full in pdf/pdf-cmap.c could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted file.
CVE-2018-1000039||In MuPDF 1.12.0 and earlier, multiple heap use after free bugs in the PDF parser could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code, read memory, or cause a denial of service via a crafted file.
CVE-2018-1000040||In MuPDF 1.12.0 and earlier, multiple use of uninitialized value bugs in the PDF parser could allow an attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) or influence program flow via a crafted file.
CVE-2018-1000041||GNOME librsvg version before commit c6ddf2ed4d768fd88adbea2b63f575cd523022ea contains a Improper input validation vulnerability in rsvg-io.c that can result in the victim's Windows username and NTLM password hash being leaked to remote attackers through SMB. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must process a specially crafted SVG file containing an UNC path on Windows.
CVE-2018-1000042||Security Onion Solutions Squert version 1.3.0 through 1.6.7 contains a CWE-78: Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an OS Command (OS Command Injection) vulnerability in .inc/callback.php that can result in execution of OS Commands. This attack appear to be exploitable via Web request to .inc/callback.php with the payload in the data or obj parameters, used in autocat(). This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.0.
CVE-2018-1000043||Security Onion Solutions Squert version 1.0.1 through 1.6.7 contains a CWE-78: Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an OS Command (OS Command Injection) vulnerability in .inc/callback.php that can result in execution of OS Commands. This attack appear to be exploitable via Web request to .inc/callback.php with the payload in the txdata parameter, used in tx()/transcript(), or the catdata parameter, used in cat(). This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.0.
CVE-2018-1000044||Security Onion Solutions Squert version 1.1.1 through 1.6.7 contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in .inc/callback.php that can result in execution of SQL commands. This attack appear to be exploitable via Web request to .inc/callback.php with the payload in the sensors parameter, used in ec(). This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.0.
CVE-2018-1000045||NASA Singledop version v1.0 contains a CWE-502 vulnerability in NASA Singledop library (Weather data) that can result in remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim opening a specially crafted radar data file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in v1.1.
CVE-2018-1000046||NASA Pyblock version v1.0 - v1.3 contains a CWE-502 vulnerability in Radar data parsing library that can result in remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim opening a specially crafted radar data file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in v1.4.
CVE-2018-1000047||NASA Kodiak version v1.0 contains a CWE-502 vulnerability in Kodiak library's data processing function that can result in remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim opens an untrusted file for optimization using Kodiak library.
CVE-2018-1000048||NASA RtRetrievalFramework version v1.0 contains a CWE-502 vulnerability in Data retrieval functionality of RtRetrieval framework that can result in remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim tries to retrieve and process a weather data file.
CVE-2018-1000049||Nanopool Claymore Dual Miner version 7.3 and earlier contains a remote code execution vulnerability by abusing the miner API. The flaw can be exploited only if the software is executed with read/write mode enabled.
CVE-2018-1000050||Sean Barrett stb_vorbis version 1.12 and earlier contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in All vorbis decoding paths. that can result in memory corruption, denial of service, comprised execution of host program. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim must open a specially crafted Ogg Vorbis file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.13.
CVE-2018-1000051||Artifex Mupdf version 1.12.0 contains a Use After Free vulnerability in fz_keep_key_storable that can result in DOS / Possible code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim opens a specially crafted PDF.
CVE-2018-1000052||fmtlib version prior to version 4.1.0 (before commit 0555cea5fc0bf890afe0071a558e44625a34ba85) contains a Memory corruption (SIGSEGV), CWE-134 vulnerability in fmt::print() library function that can result in Denial of Service. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specifying an invalid format specifier in the fmt::print() function results in a SIGSEGV (memory corruption, invalid write). This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 8cf30aa2be256eba07bb1cefb998c52326e846e7.
CVE-2018-1000053||LimeSurvey version 3.0.0-beta.3+17110 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Theme Uninstallation that can result in CSRF causing LimeSurvey admins to delete all their themes, rendering the website unusable. This attack appear to be exploitable via Simple HTML markup can be used to send a GET request to the affected endpoint.
CVE-2018-1000054||Jenkins CCM Plugin 3.1 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000055||Jenkins Android Lint Plugin 2.5 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000056||Jenkins JUnit Plugin 1.23 and earlier processes XML external entities in files it parses as part of the build process, allowing attackers with user permissions in Jenkins to extract secrets from the Jenkins master, perform server-side request forgery, or denial-of-service attacks.
CVE-2018-1000057||Jenkins Credentials Binding Plugin 1.14 and earlier masks passwords it provides to build processes in their build logs. Jenkins however transforms provided password values, e.g. replacing environment variable references, which could result in values different from but similar to configured passwords being provided to the build. Those values are not subject to masking, and could allow unauthorized users to recover the original password.
CVE-2018-1000058||Jenkins Pipeline: Supporting APIs Plugin 2.17 and earlier have an arbitrary code execution due to incomplete sandbox protection: Methods related to Java deserialization like readResolve implemented in Pipeline scripts were not subject to sandbox protection, and could therefore execute arbitrary code. This could be exploited e.g. by regular Jenkins users with the permission to configure Pipelines in Jenkins, or by trusted committers to repositories containing Jenkinsfiles.
CVE-2018-1000059||ValidFormBuilder version 4.5.4 contains a PHP Object Injection vulnerability in Valid Form unserialize method that can result in Possible to execute unauthorised system commands remotely and disclose file contents in file system.
CVE-2018-1000060||Sensu, Inc. Sensu Core version Before 1.2.0 & before commit 46ff10023e8cbf1b6978838f47c51b20b98fe30b contains a CWE-522 vulnerability in Sensu::Utilities.redact_sensitive() that can result in sensitive configuration data (e.g. passwords) may be logged in clear-text. This attack appear to be exploitable via victims with configuration matching a specific pattern will observe sensitive data outputted in their service log files. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.2.1 and later, after commit 46ff10023e8cbf1b6978838f47c51b20b98fe30b.
CVE-2018-1000061||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-1000062||WonderCMS version 2.4.0 contains a Stored Cross-Site Scripting on File Upload through SVG vulnerability in uploadFileAction(), 'svg' => 'image/svg+xml' that can result in An attacker can execute arbitrary script on an unsuspecting user's browser. This attack appear to be exploitable via Crafted SVG File.
CVE-2018-1000063||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-5379. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-5379. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-5379 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000064||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-5378. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-5378. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-5378 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000065||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-5381. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-5381. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-5381 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000066||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-5380. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-5380. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-5380 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000067||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins versions 2.106 and earlier, and LTS 2.89.3 and earlier, that allows an attacker to have Jenkins submit HTTP GET requests and get limited information about the response.
CVE-2018-1000068||An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Jenkins versions 2.106 and earlier, and LTS 2.89.3 and earlier, that allows an attacker to access plugin resource files in the META-INF and WEB-INF directories that should not be accessible, if the Jenkins home directory is on a case-insensitive file system.
CVE-2018-1000069||FreePlane version 1.5.9 and earlier contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in XML Parser in mindmap loader that can result in stealing data from victim's machine. This attack appears to require the victim to open a specially crafted mind map file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.6+.
CVE-2018-1000070||Bitmessage PyBitmessage version v0.6.2 (and introduced in or after commit 8ce72d8d2d25973b7064b1cf76a6b0b3d62f0ba0) contains a Eval injection vulnerability in main program, file src/messagetypes/__init__.py function constructObject that can result in Code Execution. This attack appears to be exploitable via remote attacker using a malformed message which must be processed by the victim - e.g. arrive from any sender on bitmessage network. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in v0.6.3.
CVE-2018-1000071||roundcube version 1.3.4 and earlier contains an Insecure Permissions vulnerability in enigma plugin that can result in exfiltration of gpg private key. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity.
CVE-2018-1000072||iRedMail version prior to commit f04b8ef contains a Insecure Permissions vulnerability in Roundcube Webmail that can result in Exfiltrate a user's password protected secret GPG key file and other important configuration files.. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in Beta: 0.9.8-BETA1, Stable: 0.9.7.
CVE-2018-1000073||RubyGems version Ruby 2.2 series: 2.2.9 and earlier, Ruby 2.3 series: 2.3.6 and earlier, Ruby 2.4 series: 2.4.3 and earlier, Ruby 2.5 series: 2.5.0 and earlier, prior to trunk revision 62422 contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in install_location function of package.rb that can result in path traversal when writing to a symlinked basedir outside of the root. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.6.
CVE-2018-1000074||RubyGems version Ruby 2.2 series: 2.2.9 and earlier, Ruby 2.3 series: 2.3.6 and earlier, Ruby 2.4 series: 2.4.3 and earlier, Ruby 2.5 series: 2.5.0 and earlier, prior to trunk revision 62422 contains a Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability in owner command that can result in code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via victim must run the `gem owner` command on a gem with a specially crafted YAML file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.6.
CVE-2018-1000075||RubyGems version Ruby 2.2 series: 2.2.9 and earlier, Ruby 2.3 series: 2.3.6 and earlier, Ruby 2.4 series: 2.4.3 and earlier, Ruby 2.5 series: 2.5.0 and earlier, prior to trunk revision 62422 contains a infinite loop caused by negative size vulnerability in ruby gem package tar header that can result in a negative size could cause an infinite loop.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.6.
CVE-2018-1000076||RubyGems version Ruby 2.2 series: 2.2.9 and earlier, Ruby 2.3 series: 2.3.6 and earlier, Ruby 2.4 series: 2.4.3 and earlier, Ruby 2.5 series: 2.5.0 and earlier, prior to trunk revision 62422 contains a Improper Verification of Cryptographic Signature vulnerability in package.rb that can result in a mis-signed gem could be installed, as the tarball would contain multiple gem signatures.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.6.
CVE-2018-1000077||RubyGems version Ruby 2.2 series: 2.2.9 and earlier, Ruby 2.3 series: 2.3.6 and earlier, Ruby 2.4 series: 2.4.3 and earlier, Ruby 2.5 series: 2.5.0 and earlier, prior to trunk revision 62422 contains a Improper Input Validation vulnerability in ruby gems specification homepage attribute that can result in a malicious gem could set an invalid homepage URL. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.6.
CVE-2018-1000078||RubyGems version Ruby 2.2 series: 2.2.9 and earlier, Ruby 2.3 series: 2.3.6 and earlier, Ruby 2.4 series: 2.4.3 and earlier, Ruby 2.5 series: 2.5.0 and earlier, prior to trunk revision 62422 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in gem server display of homepage attribute that can result in XSS. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must browse to a malicious gem on a vulnerable gem server. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.6.
CVE-2018-1000079||RubyGems version Ruby 2.2 series: 2.2.9 and earlier, Ruby 2.3 series: 2.3.6 and earlier, Ruby 2.4 series: 2.4.3 and earlier, Ruby 2.5 series: 2.5.0 and earlier, prior to trunk revision 62422 contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in gem installation that can result in the gem could write to arbitrary filesystem locations during installation. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must install a malicious gem. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.6.
CVE-2018-1000080||Ajenti version version 2 contains a Insecure Permissions vulnerability in Plugins download that can result in The download of any plugins as being a normal user. This attack appear to be exploitable via By knowing how the requisition is made, and sending it as a normal user, the server, in response, downloads the plugin.
CVE-2018-1000081||Ajenti version version 2 contains a Input Validation vulnerability in ID string on Get-values POST request that can result in Server Crashing. This attack appear to be exploitable via An attacker can freeze te server by sending a giant string to the ID parameter ..
CVE-2018-1000082||Ajenti version version 2 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in the command execution panel of the tool used to manage the server. that can result in Code execution on the server . This attack appear to be exploitable via Being a CSRF, victim interaction is needed, when the victim access the infected trigger of the CSRF any code that match the victim privledges on the server can be executed..
CVE-2018-1000083||Ajenti version version 2 contains a Improper Error Handling vulnerability in Login JSON request that can result in The requisition leaks a path of the server. This attack appear to be exploitable via By sending a malformed JSON, the tool responds with a traceback error that leaks a path of the server.
CVE-2018-1000084||WOlfCMS WolfCMS version version 0.8.3.1 contains a Stored Cross-Site Scripting vulnerability in Layout Name (from Layout tab) that can result in low privilege user can steal the cookie of admin user and compromise the admin account. This attack appear to be exploitable via Need to enter the Javascript code into Layout Name .
CVE-2018-1000085||ClamAV version version 0.99.3 contains a Out of bounds heap memory read vulnerability in XAR parser, function xar_hash_check() that can result in Leaking of memory, may help in developing exploit chains.. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must scan a crafted XAR file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit d96a6b8bcc7439fa7e3876207aa0a8e79c8451b6.
CVE-2018-1000086||NPR Visuals Team Pym.js version versions 0.4.2 up to 1.3.1 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Pym.js _onNavigateToMessage function. https://github.com/nprapps/pym.js/blob/master/src/pym.js#L573 that can result in Arbitrary javascript code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker gains full javascript access to pages with Pym.js embeds when user visits an attacker crafted page.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in versions 1.3.2 and later.
CVE-2018-1000087||WolfCMS version version 0.8.3.1 contains a Reflected Cross Site Scripting vulnerability in "Create New File" and "Create New Directory" input box from 'files' Tab that can result in Session Hijacking, Spread Worms,Control the browser remotely. . This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker can execute the JavaScript into the "Create New File" and "Create New Directory" input box from 'files'.
CVE-2018-1000088||Doorkeeper version 2.1.0 through 4.2.5 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in web view's OAuth app form, user authorization prompt web view that can result in Stored XSS on the OAuth Client's name will cause users interacting with it will execute payload. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must be tricked to click an opaque link to the web view that runs the XSS payload. A malicious version virtually indistinguishable from a normal link.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 4.2.6, 4.3.0.
CVE-2018-1000089||Anymail django-anymail version version 0.2 through 1.3 contains a CWE-532, CWE-209 vulnerability in WEBHOOK_AUTHORIZATION setting value that can result in An attacker with access to error logs could fabricate email tracking events. This attack appear to be exploitable via If you have exposed your Django error reports, an attacker could discover your ANYMAIL_WEBHOOK setting and use this to post fabricated or malicious Anymail tracking/inbound events to your app. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in v1.4.
CVE-2018-1000090||textpattern version version 4.6.2 contains a XML Injection vulnerability in Import XML feature that can result in Denial of service in context to the web server by exhausting server memory resources. This attack appear to be exploitable via Uploading a specially crafted XML file.
CVE-2018-1000091||KadNode version version 2.2.0 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in Arguments when starting up the binary that can result in Control of program execution flow, leading to remote code execution.
CVE-2018-1000092||CMS Made Simple version versions 2.2.5 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Admin profile page that can result in Details can be found here http://dev.cmsmadesimple.org/bug/view/11715. This attack appear to be exploitable via A specially crafted web page. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.2.6.
CVE-2018-1000093||CryptoNote version version 0.8.9 and possibly later contain a local RPC server which does not require authentication, as a result the walletd and the simplewallet RPC daemons will process any commands sent to them, resulting in remote command execution and a takeover of the cryptocurrency wallet if an attacker can trick an application such as a web browser into connecting and sending a command for example. This attack appears to be exploitable via a victim visiting a webpage hosting malicious content that trigger such behavior.
CVE-2018-1000094||CMS Made Simple version 2.2.5 contains a Remote Code Execution vulnerability in File Manager that can result in Allows an authenticated admin that has access to the file manager to execute code on the server. This attack appear to be exploitable via File upload -> copy to any extension.
CVE-2018-1000095||oVirt version 4.2.0 to 4.2.2 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the name/description of VMs portion of the web admin application. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in version 4.2.3.
CVE-2018-1000096||brianleroux tiny-json-http version all versions since commit 9b8e74a232bba4701844e07bcba794173b0238a8 (Oct 29 2016) contains a Missing SSL certificate validation vulnerability in The libraries core functionality is affected. that can result in Exposes the user to man-in-the-middle attacks.
CVE-2018-1000097||Sharutils sharutils (unshar command) version 4.15.2 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in Affected component on the file unshar.c at line 75, function looks_like_c_code. Failure to perform checking of the buffer containing input line. that can result in Could lead to code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim have to run unshar command on a specially crafted file..
CVE-2018-1000098||Teluu PJSIP version 2.7.1 and earlier contains a Integer Overflow vulnerability in pjmedia SDP parsing that can result in Crash. This attack appear to be exploitable via Sending a specially crafted message. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.2.
CVE-2018-1000099||Teluu PJSIP version 2.7.1 and earlier contains a Access of Null/Uninitialized Pointer vulnerability in pjmedia SDP parsing that can result in Crash. This attack appear to be exploitable via Sending a specially crafted message. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.7.2.
CVE-2018-10001||The decode_init function in libavcodec/utvideodec.c in FFmpeg through 3.4.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out of array read) via an AVI file.
CVE-2018-1000100||GPAC MP4Box version 0.7.1 and earlier contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in src/isomedia/avc_ext.c lines 2417 to 2420 that can result in Heap chunks being modified, this could lead to RCE. This attack appear to be exploitable via an attacker supplied MP4 file that when run by the victim may result in RCE.
CVE-2018-1000101||Mingw-w64 version 5.0.3 and earlier, 5.0.4, 6.0.0 and 7.0.0 contains an Improper Null Termination (CWE-170) vulnerability in mingw-w64-crt (libc)->(v)snprintf that can result in The bug may be used to corrupt subsequent string functions. This attack appear to be exploitable via Depending on the usage, worst case: network.
CVE-2018-1000102||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-1000067. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-1000067. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-1000067 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000103||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-1000068. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-1000068. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-1000068 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000104||A plaintext storage of a password vulnerability exists in Jenkins Coverity Plugin 1.10.0 and earlier in CIMInstance.java that allows an attacker with local file system access or control of a Jenkins administrator's web browser (e.g. malicious extension) to retrieve the configured keystore and private key passwords.
CVE-2018-1000105||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Gerrit Trigger Plugin 2.27.4 and earlier in GerritManagement.java, GerritServer.java, and PluginImpl.java that allows an attacker with Overall/Read access to retrieve some configuration information about Gerrit in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000106||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Gerrit Trigger Plugin 2.27.4 and earlier in GerritManagement.java, GerritServer.java, and PluginImpl.java that allows an attacker with Overall/Read access to modify the Gerrit configuration in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000107||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Job and Node Ownership Plugin 0.11.0 and earlier in OwnershipDescription.java, JobOwnerJobProperty.java, and OwnerNodeProperty.java that allow an attacker with Job/Configure or Computer/Configure permission and without Ownership related permissions to override ownership metadata.
CVE-2018-1000108||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins CppNCSS Plugin 1.1 and earlier in AbstractProjectAction/index.jelly that allow an attacker to craft links to Jenkins URLs that run arbitrary JavaScript in the user's browser when accessed.
CVE-2018-1000109||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Google Play Android Publisher Plugin version 1.6 and earlier in GooglePlayBuildStepDescriptor.java that allow an attacker to obtain credential IDs.
CVE-2018-1000110||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Git Plugin version 3.7.0 and earlier in GitStatus.java that allows an attacker with network access to obtain a list of nodes and users.
CVE-2018-1000111||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Subversion Plugin version 2.10.2 and earlier in SubversionStatus.java and SubversionRepositoryStatus.java that allows an attacker with network access to obtain a list of nodes and users.
CVE-2018-1000112||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Mercurial Plugin version 2.2 and earlier in MercurialStatus.java that allows an attacker with network access to obtain a list of nodes and users.
CVE-2018-1000113||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins TestLink Plugin 2.12 and earlier in TestLinkBuildAction/summary.jelly and others that allow an attacker who can control e.g. TestLink report names to have Jenkins serve arbitrary HTML and JavaScript
CVE-2018-1000114||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Promoted Builds Plugin 2.31.1 and earlier in Status.java and ManualCondition.java that allow an attacker with read access to jobs to perform promotions.
CVE-2018-1000115||Memcached version 1.5.5 contains an Insufficient Control of Network Message Volume (Network Amplification, CWE-406) vulnerability in the UDP support of the memcached server that can result in denial of service via network flood (traffic amplification of 1:50,000 has been reported by reliable sources). This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity to port 11211 UDP. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.5.6 due to the disabling of the UDP protocol by default.
CVE-2018-1000116||NET-SNMP version 5.7.2 contains a heap corruption vulnerability in the UDP protocol handler that can result in command execution.
CVE-2018-1000117||Python Software Foundation CPython version From 3.2 until 3.6.4 on Windows contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in os.symlink() function on Windows that can result in Arbitrary code execution, likely escalation of privilege. This attack appears to be exploitable via a python script that creates a symlink with an attacker controlled name or location. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.7.0 and 3.6.5.
CVE-2018-1000118||Github Electron version Electron 1.8.2-beta.4 and earlier contains a Command Injection vulnerability in Protocol Handler that can result in command execute. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim opening an electron protocol handler in their browser. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in Electron 1.8.2-beta.5. This issue is due to an incomplete fix for CVE-2018-1000006, specifically the black list used was not case insensitive allowing an attacker to potentially bypass it.
CVE-2018-1000119||Sinatra rack-protection versions 1.5.4 and 2.0.0.rc3 and earlier contains a timing attack vulnerability in the CSRF token checking that can result in signatures can be exposed. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity to the ruby application. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.5.5 and 2.0.0.
CVE-2018-1000120||A buffer overflow exists in curl 7.12.3 to and including curl 7.58.0 in the FTP URL handling that allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or worse.
CVE-2018-1000121||A NULL pointer dereference exists in curl 7.21.0 to and including curl 7.58.0 in the LDAP code that allows an attacker to cause a denial of service
CVE-2018-1000122||A buffer over-read exists in curl 7.20.0 to and including curl 7.58.0 in the RTSP+RTP handling code that allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or information leakage
CVE-2018-1000123||Ionic Team Cordova plugin iOS Keychain version before commit 18233ca25dfa92cca018b9c0935f43f78fd77fbf contains an Information Exposure Through Log Files (CWE-532) vulnerability in CDVKeychain.m that can result in login, password and other sensitive data leakage. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker must have access to victim's iOS logs. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 18233ca25dfa92cca018b9c0935f43f78fd77fbf.
CVE-2018-1000124||I Librarian I-librarian version 4.8 and earlier contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in line 154 of importmetadata.php(simplexml_load_string) that can result in an attacker reading the contents of a file and SSRF. This attack appear to be exploitable via posting xml in the Parameter form_import_textarea.
CVE-2018-1000125||inversoft prime-jwt version prior to version 1.3.0 or prior to commit 0d94dcef0133d699f21d217e922564adbb83a227 contains an input validation vulnerability in JWTDecoder.decode that can result in a JWT that is decoded and thus implicitly validated even if it lacks a valid signature. This attack appear to be exploitable via an attacker crafting a token with a valid header and body and then requests it to be validated. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.3.0 and later or after commit 0d94dcef0133d699f21d217e922564adbb83a227.
CVE-2018-1000126||Ajenti version 2 contains an Information Disclosure vulnerability in Line 176 of the code source that can result in user and system enumeration as well as data from the /etc/ajenti/config.yml file. This attack appears to be exploitable via network connectivity to the web application.
CVE-2018-1000127||memcached version prior to 1.4.37 contains an Integer Overflow vulnerability in items.c:item_free() that can result in data corruption and deadlocks due to items existing in hash table being reused from free list. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity to the memcached service. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.4.37 and later.
CVE-2018-1000128||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-7752.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-7752.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-7752 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000129||An XSS vulnerability exists in the Jolokia agent version 1.3.7 in the HTTP servlet that allows an attacker to execute malicious javascript in the victim's browser.
CVE-2018-1000130||A JNDI Injection vulnerability exists in Jolokia agent version 1.3.7 in the proxy mode that allows a remote attacker to run arbitrary Java code on the server.
CVE-2018-1000131||Pradeep Makone wordpress Support Plus Responsive Ticket System version 9.0.2 and earlier contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in the function to get tickets, the parameter email in cookie was injected that can result in filter the parameter. This attack appear to be exploitable via web site, without login. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 9.0.3 and later.
CVE-2018-1000132||Mercurial version 4.5 and earlier contains a Incorrect Access Control (CWE-285) vulnerability in Protocol server that can result in Unauthorized data access. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 4.5.1.
CVE-2018-1000133||Pitchfork version 1.4.6 RC1 contains an Improper Privilege Management vulnerability in Trident Pitchfork components that can result in A standard unprivileged user could gain system administrator permissions within the web portal.. This attack appear to be exploitable via The user must be able to login, and could edit their profile and set the "System Administrator" permission to "yes" on themselves.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.4.6 RC2.
CVE-2018-1000134||UnboundID LDAP SDK version from commit 801111d8b5c732266a5dbd4b3bb0b6c7b94d7afb up to commit 8471904a02438c03965d21367890276bc25fa5a6, where the issue was reported and fixed contains an Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in process function in SimpleBindRequest class doesn't check for empty password when running in synchronous mode. commit with applied fix https://github.com/pingidentity/ldapsdk/commit/8471904a02438c03965d21367890276bc25fa5a6#diff-f6cb23b459be1ec17df1da33760087fd that can result in Ability to impersonate any valid user. This attack appear to be exploitable via Providing valid username and empty password against servers that do not do additional validation as per https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4513#section-5.1.1. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 8471904a02438c03965d21367890276bc25fa5a6.
CVE-2018-1000135||GNOME NetworkManager version 1.10.2 and earlier contains a Information Exposure (CWE-200) vulnerability in DNS resolver that can result in Private DNS queries leaked to local network's DNS servers, while on VPN. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in Some Ubuntu 16.04 packages were fixed, but later updates removed the fix. cf. https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/1754671 an upstream fix does not appear to be available at this time.
CVE-2018-1000136||Electron version 1.7 up to 1.7.12; 1.8 up to 1.8.3 and 2.0.0 up to 2.0.0-beta.3 contains an improper handling of values vulnerability in Webviews that can result in remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via an app which allows execution of 3rd party code AND disallows node integration AND has not specified if webview is enabled/disabled. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.13, 1.8.4, 2.0.0-beta.4.
CVE-2018-1000137||I, Librarian version 4.8 and earlier contains a Cross site Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in users.php that can result in the password of the admin being forced to be changed without the administrator's knowledge.
CVE-2018-1000138||I, Librarian version 4.8 and earlier contains a SSRF vulnerability in "url" parameter of getFromWeb in functions.php that can result in the attacker abusing functionality on the server to read or update internal resources.
CVE-2018-1000139||I, Librarian version 4.8 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in "id" parameter in stable.php that can result in an attacker using the XSS to send a malicious script to an unsuspecting user.
CVE-2018-1000140||rsyslog librelp version 1.2.14 and earlier contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in the checking of x509 certificates from a peer that can result in Remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable a remote attacker that can connect to rsyslog and trigger a stack buffer overflow by sending a specially crafted x509 certificate.
CVE-2018-1000141||I, Librarian version 4.9 and earlier contains an Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in ajaxdiscussion.php that can result in any users gaining unauthorized access (read, write and delete) to project discussions.
CVE-2018-1000142||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins GitHub Pull Request Builder Plugin version 1.39.0 and older in GhprbCause.java that allows an attacker with local file system access to obtain GitHub credentials.
CVE-2018-1000143||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins GitHub Pull Request Builder Plugin version 1.39.0 and older in GhprbCause.java that allows an attacker with local file system access to obtain GitHub credentials.
CVE-2018-1000144||A cross site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins Cucumber Living Documentation Plugin 1.0.12 and older in CukedoctorBaseAction#doDynamic that disables the Content-Security-Policy protection for archived artifacts and workspace files, allowing attackers able to control the content of these files to attack Jenkins users.
CVE-2018-1000145||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Perforce Plugin version 1.3.36 and older in PerforcePasswordEncryptor.java that allows attackers with local file system access to obtain encrypted Perforce passwords and decrypt them.
CVE-2018-1000146||An arbitrary code execution vulnerability exists in Liquibase Runner Plugin version 1.3.0 and older that allows an attacker with permission to configure jobs to load and execute arbitrary code on the Jenkins master JVM.
CVE-2018-1000147||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Perforce Plugin version 1.3.36 and older in PerforcePasswordEncryptor.java that allows attackers with insufficient permission to obtain Perforce passwords configured in jobs to obtain them
CVE-2018-1000148||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Copy To Slave Plugin version 1.4.4 and older in CopyToSlaveBuildWrapper.java that allows attackers with permission to configure jobs to read arbitrary files from the Jenkins master file system.
CVE-2018-1000149||A man in the middle vulnerability exists in Jenkins Ansible Plugin 0.8 and older in AbstractAnsibleInvocation.java, AnsibleAdHocCommandBuilder.java, AnsibleAdHocCommandInvocationTest.java, AnsibleContext.java, AnsibleJobDslExtension.java, AnsiblePlaybookBuilder.java, AnsiblePlaybookStep.java that disables host key verification by default.
CVE-2018-1000150||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Reverse Proxy Auth Plugin 1.5 and older in ReverseProxySecurityRealm#authContext that allows attackers with local file system access to obtain a list of authorities for logged in users.
CVE-2018-1000151||A man in the middle vulnerability exists in Jenkins vSphere Plugin 2.16 and older in VSphere.java that disables SSL/TLS certificate validation by default.
CVE-2018-1000152||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins vSphere Plugin 2.16 and older in Clone.java, CloudSelectorParameter.java, ConvertToTemplate.java, ConvertToVm.java, Delete.java, DeleteSnapshot.java, Deploy.java, ExposeGuestInfo.java, FolderVSphereCloudProperty.java, PowerOff.java, PowerOn.java, Reconfigure.java, Rename.java, RenameSnapshot.java, RevertToSnapshot.java, SuspendVm.java, TakeSnapshot.java, VSphereBuildStepContainer.java, vSphereCloudProvisionedSlave.java, vSphereCloudSlave.java, vSphereCloudSlaveTemplate.java, VSphereConnectionConfig.java, vSphereStep.java that allows attackers to perform form validation related actions, including sending numerous requests to the configured vSphere server, potentially resulting in denial of service, or send credentials stored in Jenkins with known ID to an attacker-specified server ("test connection").
CVE-2018-1000153||A cross-site request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins vSphere Plugin 2.16 and older in Clone.java, CloudSelectorParameter.java, ConvertToTemplate.java, ConvertToVm.java, Delete.java, DeleteSnapshot.java, Deploy.java, ExposeGuestInfo.java, FolderVSphereCloudProperty.java, PowerOff.java, PowerOn.java, Reconfigure.java, Rename.java, RenameSnapshot.java, RevertToSnapshot.java, SuspendVm.java, TakeSnapshot.java, VSphereBuildStepContainer.java, vSphereCloudProvisionedSlave.java, vSphereCloudSlave.java, vSphereCloudSlaveTemplate.java, VSphereConnectionConfig.java, vSphereStep.java that allows attackers to perform form validation related actions, including sending numerous requests to the configured vSphere server, potentially resulting in denial of service, or send credentials stored in Jenkins with known ID to an attacker-specified server ("test connection").
CVE-2018-1000154||Zammad GmbH Zammad version 2.3.0 and earlier contains a Improper Neutralization of Script-Related HTML Tags in a Web Page (CWE-80) vulnerability in the subject of emails which are not html quoted in certain cases. This can result in the embedding and execution of java script code on users browser. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim openning a ticket. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.3.1, 2.2.2 and 2.1.3.
CVE-2018-1000155||OpenFlow version 1.0 onwards contains a Denial of Service and Improper authorization vulnerability in OpenFlow handshake: The DPID (DataPath IDentifier) in the features_reply message are inherently trusted by the controller. that can result in Denial of Service, Unauthorized Access, Network Instability. This attack appear to be exploitable via Network connectivity: the attacker must first establish a transport connection with the OpenFlow controller and then initiate the OpenFlow handshake.
CVE-2018-1000156||GNU Patch version 2.7.6 contains an input validation vulnerability when processing patch files, specifically the EDITOR_PROGRAM invocation (using ed) can result in code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via a patch file processed via the patch utility. This is similar to FreeBSD's CVE-2015-1418 however although they share a common ancestry the code bases have diverged over time.
CVE-2018-1000157||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-9092.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-9092.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-9092 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000158||cmsmadesimple version 2.2.7 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in the function of send_recovery_email in the line "$url = $config['admin_url'] . '/login.php?recoverme=' . $code;" that can result in Administrator Password Reset Poisoning, specifically a reset URL pointing at an attacker controlled server can be created by using a host header attack.
CVE-2018-1000159||tlslite-ng version 0.7.3 and earlier, since commit d7b288316bca7bcdd082e6ccff5491e241305233 contains a CWE-354: Improper Validation of Integrity Check Value vulnerability in TLS implementation, tlslite/utils/constanttime.py: ct_check_cbc_mac_and_pad(); line "end_pos = data_len - 1 - mac.digest_size" that can result in an attacker manipulating the TLS ciphertext which will not be detected by receiving tlslite-ng. This attack appears to be exploitable via man in the middle on a network connection. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed after commit 3674815d1b0f7484454995e2737a352e0a6a93d8.
CVE-2018-1000160||RisingStack protect version 1.2.0 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in isXss() function in lib/rules/xss.js that can result in dangerous XSS strings being validated as safe. This attack appears to be exploitable via A number of XSS strings(26) detailed in the GitHub issue #16.
CVE-2018-1000161||nmap version 6.49BETA6 through 7.60, up to and including SVN revision 37147 contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in NSE script http-fetch that can result in file overwrite as the user is running it. This attack appears to be exploitable via a victim that runs NSE script http-fetch against a malicious web site. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 7.7.
CVE-2018-1000162||Parsedown version prior to 1.7.0 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in `setMarkupEscaped` for escaping HTML that can result in JavaScript code execution. This attack appears to be exploitable via specially crafted markdown that allows it to side step HTML escaping by breaking AST boundaries. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.0 and later.
CVE-2018-1000163||Floodlight version 1.2 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the web console that can result in javascript injections into the web page. This attack appears to be exploitable via the victim browsing the web console.
CVE-2018-1000164||gunicorn version 19.4.5 contains a CWE-113: Improper Neutralization of CRLF Sequences in HTTP Headers vulnerability in "process_headers" function in "gunicorn/http/wsgi.py" that can result in an attacker causing the server to return arbitrary HTTP headers. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 19.5.0.
CVE-2018-1000165||LightSAML version prior to 1.3.5 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in signature validation in readers in src/LightSaml/Model/XmlDSig/ that can result in impersonation of any user from Identity Provider. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.3.5 and later.
CVE-2018-1000166||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-3848 and CVE-2018-3849. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-3848 and CVE-2018-3849. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-3848 and CVE-2018-3849 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000167||OISF suricata-update version 1.0.0a1 contains an Insecure Deserialization vulnerability in the insecure yaml.load-Function as used in the following files: config.py:136, config.py:142, sources.py:99 and sources.py:131. The "list-sources"-command is affected by this bug. that can result in Remote Code Execution(even as root if suricata-update is called by root). This attack appears to be exploitable via a specially crafted yaml-file at https://www.openinfosecfoundation.org/rules/index.yaml. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.0.0b1.
CVE-2018-1000168||nghttp2 version >= 1.10.0 and nghttp2 <= v1.31.0 contains an Improper Input Validation CWE-20 vulnerability in ALTSVC frame handling that can result in segmentation fault leading to denial of service. This attack appears to be exploitable via network client. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in >= 1.31.1.
CVE-2018-1000169||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.115 and older, LTS 2.107.1 and older, in CLICommand.java and ViewOptionHandler.java that allows unauthorized attackers to confirm the existence of agents or views with an attacker-specified name by sending a CLI command to Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000170||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.115 and older, LTS 2.107.1 and older, in confirmationList.jelly and stopButton.jelly that allows attackers with Job/Configure and/or Job/Create permission to create an item name containing JavaScript that would be executed in another user's browser when that other user performs some UI actions.
CVE-2018-1000171||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-9092.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-9092.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-9092 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000172||Imagely NextGEN Gallery version 2.2.30 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Image Alt & Title Text. This attack appears to be exploitable via a victim viewing the image in the administrator page. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.2.45.
CVE-2018-1000173||A session fixaction vulnerability exists in Jenkins Google Login Plugin 1.3 and older in GoogleOAuth2SecurityRealm.java that allows unauthorized attackers to impersonate another user if they can control the pre-authentication session.
CVE-2018-1000174||An open redirect vulnerability exists in Jenkins Google Login Plugin 1.3 and older in GoogleOAuth2SecurityRealm.java that allows attackers to redirect users to an arbitrary URL after successful login.
CVE-2018-1000175||A path traversal vulnerability exists in Jenkins HTML Publisher Plugin 1.15 and older in HtmlPublisherTarget.java that allows attackers able to configure the HTML Publisher build step to override arbitrary files on the Jenkins master.
CVE-2018-1000176||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Email Extension Plugin 2.61 and older in src/main/resources/hudson/plugins/emailext/ExtendedEmailPublisher/global.groovy and ExtendedEmailPublisherDescriptor.java that allows attackers with control of a Jenkins administrator's web browser (e.g. malicious extension) to retrieve the configured SMTP password.
CVE-2018-1000177||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins S3 Plugin 0.10.12 and older in src/main/resources/hudson/plugins/s3/S3ArtifactsProjectAction/jobMain.jelly that allows attackers able to control file names of uploaded files to define file names containing JavaScript that would be executed in another user's browser when that user performs some UI actions.
CVE-2018-1000178||A heap corruption of type CWE-120 exists in quassel version 0.12.4 in quasselcore in void DataStreamPeer::processMessage(const QByteArray &msg) datastreampeer.cpp line 62 that allows an attacker to execute code remotely.
CVE-2018-1000179||A NULL Pointer Dereference of CWE-476 exists in quassel version 0.12.4 in the quasselcore void CoreAuthHandler::handle(const Login &msg) coreauthhandler.cpp line 235 that allows an attacker to cause a denial of service.
CVE-2018-1000180||Bouncy Castle BC 1.54 - 1.59, BC-FJA 1.0.0, BC-FJA 1.0.1 and earlier have a flaw in the Low-level interface to RSA key pair generator, specifically RSA Key Pairs generated in low-level API with added certainty may have less M-R tests than expected. This appears to be fixed in versions BC 1.60 beta 4 and later, BC-FJA 1.0.2 and later.
CVE-2018-1000181||Kitura 2.3.0 and earlier have an unintended read access to unauthorised files and folders that can be exploited by a crafted URL resulting in information disclosure.
CVE-2018-1000182||A server-side request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins Git Plugin 3.9.0 and older in AssemblaWeb.java, GitBlitRepositoryBrowser.java, Gitiles.java, TFS2013GitRepositoryBrowser.java, ViewGitWeb.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to cause Jenkins to send a GET request to a specified URL.
CVE-2018-1000183||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins GitHub Plugin 1.29.0 and older in GitHubServerConfig.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to connect to an attacker-specified URL using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000184||A server-side request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins GitHub Plugin 1.29.0 and older in GitHubPluginConfig.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to cause Jenkins to send a GET request to a specified URL.
CVE-2018-1000185||A server-side request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins GitHub Branch Source Plugin 2.3.4 and older in Endpoint.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to cause Jenkins to send a GET request to a specified URL.
CVE-2018-1000186||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins GitHub Pull Request Builder Plugin 1.41.0 and older in GhprbGitHubAuth.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to connect to an attacker-specified URL using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000187||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Kubernetes Plugin 1.7.0 and older in ContainerExecDecorator.java that results in sensitive variables such as passwords being written to logs.
CVE-2018-1000188||A server-side request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins CAS Plugin 1.4.1 and older in CasSecurityRealm.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to cause Jenkins to send a GET request to a specified URL.
CVE-2018-1000189||A command execution vulnerability exists in Jenkins Absint Astree Plugin 1.0.5 and older in AstreeBuilder.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to execute a command on the Jenkins master.
CVE-2018-1000190||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Black Duck Hub Plugin 4.0.0 and older in PostBuildScanDescriptor.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to connect to an attacker-specified URL using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000191||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Black Duck Detect Plugin 1.4.0 and older in DetectPostBuildStepDescriptor.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to connect to an attacker-specified URL using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000192||A information exposure vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.120 and older, LTS 2.107.2 and older in AboutJenkins.java, ListPluginsCommand.java that allows users with Overall/Read access to enumerate all installed plugins.
CVE-2018-1000193||A improper neutralization of control sequences vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.120 and older, LTS 2.107.2 and older in HudsonPrivateSecurityRealm.java that allows users to sign up using user names containing control characters that can then appear to have the same name as other users, and cannot be deleted via the UI.
CVE-2018-1000194||A path traversal vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.120 and older, LTS 2.107.2 and older in FilePath.java, SoloFilePathFilter.java that allows malicious agents to read and write arbitrary files on the Jenkins master, bypassing the agent-to-master security subsystem protection.
CVE-2018-1000195||A server-side request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.120 and older, LTS 2.107.2 and older in ZipExtractionInstaller.java that allows users with Overall/Read permission to have Jenkins submit a HTTP GET request to an arbitrary URL and learn whether the response is successful (200) or not.
CVE-2018-1000196||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Gitlab Hook Plugin 1.4.2 and older in gitlab_notifier.rb, views/gitlab_notifier/global.erb that allows attackers with local Jenkins master file system access or control of a Jenkins administrator's web browser (e.g. malicious extension) to retrieve the configured Gitlab token.
CVE-2018-1000197||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Black Duck Hub Plugin 3.0.3 and older in PostBuildScanDescriptor.java that allows users with Overall/Read permission to read and write the Black Duck Hub plugin configuration.
CVE-2018-1000198||A XML external entity processing vulnerability exists in Jenkins Black Duck Hub Plugin 3.1.0 and older in PostBuildScanDescriptor.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read permission to make Jenkins process XML eternal entities in an XML document.
CVE-2018-1000199||The Linux Kernel version 3.18 contains a dangerous feature vulnerability in modify_user_hw_breakpoint() that can result in crash and possibly memory corruption. This attack appear to be exploitable via local code execution and the ability to use ptrace. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in git commit f67b15037a7a50c57f72e69a6d59941ad90a0f0f.
CVE-2018-1000200||The Linux Kernel versions 4.14, 4.15, and 4.16 has a null pointer dereference which can result in an out of memory (OOM) killing of large mlocked processes. The issue arises from an oom killed process's final thread calling exit_mmap(), which calls munlock_vma_pages_all() for mlocked vmas.This can happen synchronously with the oom reaper's unmap_page_range() since the vma's VM_LOCKED bit is cleared before munlocking (to determine if any other vmas share the memory and are mlocked).
CVE-2018-1000201||ruby-ffi version 1.9.23 and earlier has a DLL loading issue which can be hijacked on Windows OS, when a Symbol is used as DLL name instead of a String This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in v1.9.24 and later.
CVE-2018-1000202||A persisted cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins Groovy Postbuild Plugin 2.3.1 and older in various Jelly files that allows attackers able to control build badge content to define JavaScript that would be executed in another user's browser when that other user performs some UI actions.
CVE-2018-1000203||Soar Labs Soar Coin version up to and including git commit 4a2aa71ee21014e2880a3f7aad11091ed6ad434f (latest release as of Sept 2017) contains an intentional backdoor vulnerability in the function zero_fee_transaction() that can result in theft of Soar Coins by the "onlycentralAccount" (Soar Labs) after payment is processed.
CVE-2018-1000204||** DISPUTED ** Linux Kernel version 3.18 to 4.16 incorrectly handles an SG_IO ioctl on /dev/sg0 with dxfer_direction=SG_DXFER_FROM_DEV and an empty 6-byte cmdp. This may lead to copying up to 1000 kernel heap pages to the userspace. This has been fixed upstream in https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/a45b599ad808c3c982fdcdc12b0b8611c2f92824 already. The problem has limited scope, as users don't usually have permissions to access SCSI devices. On the other hand, e.g. the Nero user manual suggests doing `chmod o+r+w /dev/sg*` to make the devices accessible. NOTE: third parties dispute the relevance of this report, noting that the requirement for an attacker to have both the CAP_SYS_ADMIN and CAP_SYS_RAWIO capabilities makes it "virtually impossible to exploit."
CVE-2018-1000205||U-Boot contains a CWE-20: Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Verified boot signature validation that can result in Bypass verified boot. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted FIT image and special device memory functionality.
CVE-2018-1000206||JFrog Artifactory version since 5.11 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in UI rest endpoints that can result in Classic CSRF attack allowing an attacker to perform actions as logged in user. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must run maliciously crafted flash component. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 6.1.
CVE-2018-1000207||MODX Revolution version <=2.6.4 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in Filtering user parameters before passing them into phpthumb class that can result in Creating file with custom a filename and content. This attack appear to be exploitable via Web request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in commit 06bc94257408f6a575de20ddb955aca505ef6e68.
CVE-2018-1000208||MODX Revolution version <=2.6.4 contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in /core/model/modx/modmanagerrequest.class.php that can result in remove files. This attack appear to be exploitable via web request via security/login processor. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in pull 13980.
CVE-2018-1000209||Sensu, Inc. Sensu Core version Before version 1.4.2-3 contains a Insecure Permissions vulnerability in Sensu Core on Windows platforms that can result in Unprivileged users may execute code in context of Sensu service account. This attack appear to be exploitable via Unprivileged user may place an arbitrary DLL in the c:\opt\sensu\embedded\bin directory in order to exploit standard Windows DLL load order behavior. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.4.2-3 and later.
CVE-2018-1000210||YamlDotNet version 4.3.2 and earlier contains a Insecure Direct Object Reference vulnerability in The default behavior of Deserializer.Deserialize() will deserialize user-controlled types in the line "currentType = Type.GetType(nodeEvent.Tag.Substring(1), throwOnError: false);" and blindly instantiates them. that can result in Code execution in the context of the running process. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim must parse a specially-crafted YAML file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.0.0.
CVE-2018-1000211||Doorkeeper version 4.2.0 and later contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in Token revocation API's authorized method that can result in Access tokens are not revoked for public OAuth apps, leaking access until expiry.
CVE-2018-1000212||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-1999022.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-1999022.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-1999022 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000213||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-1999023.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-1999023.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-1999023 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000214||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-1999024.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-1999024.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-1999024 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000215||Dave Gamble cJSON version 1.7.6 and earlier contains a CWE-772 vulnerability in cJSON library that can result in Denial of Service (DoS). This attack appear to be exploitable via If the attacker can force the data to be printed and the system is in low memory it can force a leak of memory. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.7.
CVE-2018-1000216||Dave Gamble cJSON version 1.7.2 and earlier contains a CWE-415: Double Free vulnerability in cJSON library that can result in Possible crash or RCE. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker must be able to force victim to print JSON data, depending on how cJSON library is used this could be either local or over a network. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.3.
CVE-2018-1000217||Dave Gamble cJSON version 1.7.3 and earlier contains a CWE-416: Use After Free vulnerability in cJSON library that can result in Possible crash, corruption of data or even RCE. This attack appear to be exploitable via Depends on how application uses cJSON library. If application provides network interface then can be exploited over a network, otherwise just local.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.7.4.
CVE-2018-1000218||OpenEMR version v5_0_1_4 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in The 'file' parameter in line #43 of interface/fax/fax_view.php that can result in The vulnerability could allow remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML.. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must visit on a specially crafted URL..
CVE-2018-1000219||OpenEMR version v5_0_1_4 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in The 'scan' parameter in line #41 of interface/fax/fax_view.php that can result in The vulnerability could allow remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML.. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must visit on a specially crafted URL..
CVE-2018-1000220||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2014-5462.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2014-5462.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2014-5462 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000221||pkgconf version 1.5.0 to 1.5.2 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in dequote() that can result in dequote() function returns 1-byte allocation if initial length is 0, leading to buffer overflow. This attack appear to be exploitable via specially crafted .pc file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.5.3.
CVE-2018-1000222||Libgd version 2.2.5 contains a Double Free Vulnerability vulnerability in gdImageBmpPtr Function that can result in Remote Code Execution . This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially Crafted Jpeg Image can trigger double free. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit ac16bdf2d41724b5a65255d4c28fb0ec46bc42f5.
CVE-2018-1000223||soundtouch version up to and including 2.0.0 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in SoundStretch/WavFile.cpp:WavInFile::readHeaderBlock() that can result in arbitrary code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via victim must open maliocius file in soundstretch utility.
CVE-2018-1000224||Godot Engine version All versions prior to 2.1.5, all 3.0 versions prior to 3.0.6. contains a Signed/unsigned comparison, wrong buffer size chackes, integer overflow, missing padding initialization vulnerability in (De)Serialization functions (core/io/marshalls.cpp) that can result in DoS (packet of death), possible leak of uninitialized memory. This attack appear to be exploitable via A malformed packet is received over the network by a Godot application that uses built-in serialization (e.g. game server, or game client). Could be triggered by multiplayer opponent. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.1.5, 3.0.6, master branch after commit feaf03421dda0213382b51aff07bd5a96b29487b.
CVE-2018-1000225||Cobbler version Verified as present in Cobbler versions 2.6.11+, but code inspection suggests at least 2.0.0+ or possibly even older versions may be vulnerable contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in cobbler-web that can result in Privilege escalation to admin.. This attack appear to be exploitable via "network connectivity". Sending unauthenticated JavaScript payload to the Cobbler XMLRPC API (/cobbler_api).
CVE-2018-1000226||Cobbler version Verified as present in Cobbler versions 2.6.11+, but code inspection suggests at least 2.0.0+ or possibly even older versions may be vulnerable contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in XMLRPC API (/cobbler_api) that can result in Privilege escalation, data manipulation or exfiltration, LDAP credential harvesting. This attack appear to be exploitable via "network connectivity". Taking advantage of improper validation of security tokens in API endpoints. Please note this is a different issue than CVE-2018-10931.
CVE-2018-1000300||curl version curl 7.54.1 to and including curl 7.59.0 contains a CWE-122: Heap-based Buffer Overflow vulnerability in denial of service and more that can result in curl might overflow a heap based memory buffer when closing down an FTP connection with very long server command replies.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in curl < 7.54.1 and curl >= 7.60.0.
CVE-2018-1000301||curl version curl 7.20.0 to and including curl 7.59.0 contains a CWE-126: Buffer Over-read vulnerability in denial of service that can result in curl can be tricked into reading data beyond the end of a heap based buffer used to store downloaded RTSP content.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in curl < 7.20.0 and curl >= 7.60.0.
CVE-2018-1000400||Kubernetes CRI-O version prior to 1.9 contains a Privilege Context Switching Error (CWE-270) vulnerability in the handling of ambient capabilities that can result in containers running with elevated privileges, allowing users abilities they should not have. This attack appears to be exploitable via container execution. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.9.
CVE-2018-1000401||Jenkins project Jenkins AWS CodePipeline Plugin version 0.36 and earlier contains a Insufficiently Protected Credentials vulnerability in AWSCodePipelineSCM.java that can result in Credentials Disclosure. This attack appear to be exploitable via local file access. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.37 and later.
CVE-2018-1000402||Jenkins project Jenkins AWS CodeDeploy Plugin version 1.19 and earlier contains a File and Directory Information Exposure vulnerability in AWSCodeDeployPublisher.java that can result in Disclosure of environment variables. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.20 and later.
CVE-2018-1000403||Jenkins project Jenkins AWS CodeDeploy Plugin version 1.19 and earlier contains a Insufficiently Protected Credentials vulnerability in AWSCodeDeployPublisher.java that can result in Credentials Disclosure. This attack appear to be exploitable via local file access. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.20 and later.
CVE-2018-1000404||Jenkins project Jenkins AWS CodeBuild Plugin version 0.26 and earlier contains a Insufficiently Protected Credentials vulnerability in AWSClientFactory.java, CodeBuilder.java that can result in Credentials Disclosure. This attack appear to be exploitable via local file access. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.27 and later.
CVE-2018-1000406||A path traversal vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.145 and earlier, LTS 2.138.1 and earlier in core/src/main/java/hudson/model/FileParameterValue.java that allows attackers with Job/Configure permission to define a file parameter with a file name outside the intended directory, resulting in an arbitrary file write on the Jenkins master when scheduling a build.
CVE-2018-1000407||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.145 and earlier, LTS 2.138.1 and earlier in core/src/main/java/hudson/model/Api.java that allows attackers to specify URLs to Jenkins that result in rendering arbitrary attacker-controlled HTML by Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000408||A denial of service vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.145 and earlier, LTS 2.138.1 and earlier in core/src/main/java/hudson/security/HudsonPrivateSecurityRealm.java that allows attackers without Overall/Read permission to access a specific URL on instances using the built-in Jenkins user database security realm that results in the creation of an ephemeral user record in memory.
CVE-2018-1000409||A session fixation vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.145 and earlier, LTS 2.138.1 and earlier in core/src/main/java/hudson/security/HudsonPrivateSecurityRealm.java that prevented Jenkins from invalidating the existing session and creating a new one when a user signed up for a new user account.
CVE-2018-1000410||An information exposure vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.145 and earlier, LTS 2.138.1 and earlier, and the Stapler framework used by these releases, in core/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/stapler/RequestImpl.java, core/src/main/java/hudson/model/Descriptor.java that allows attackers with Overall/Administer permission or access to the local file system to obtain credentials entered by users if the form submission could not be successfully processed.
CVE-2018-1000411||A cross-site request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins JUnit Plugin 1.25 and earlier in TestObject.java that allows setting the description of a test result.
CVE-2018-1000412||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Jira Plugin 3.0.1 and earlier in JiraSite.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to have Jenkins connect to an attacker-specified URL using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000413||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins Config File Provider Plugin 3.1 and earlier in configfiles.jelly, providerlist.jelly that allows users with the ability to configure configuration files to insert arbitrary HTML into some pages in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000414||A cross-site request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins Config File Provider Plugin 3.1 and earlier in ConfigFilesManagement.java, FolderConfigFileAction.java that allows creating and editing configuration file definitions.
CVE-2018-1000415||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins Rebuilder Plugin 1.28 and earlier in RebuildAction/BooleanParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/ExtendedChoiceParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/FileParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/LabelParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/ListSubversionTagsParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/MavenMetadataParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/NodeParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/PasswordParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/RandomStringParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/RunParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/StringParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/TextParameterValue.jelly, RebuildAction/ValidatingStringParameterValue.jelly that allows users with Job/Configuration permission to insert arbitrary HTML into rebuild forms.
CVE-2018-1000416||A reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins Job Config History Plugin 2.18 and earlier in all Jelly files that shows arbitrary attacker-specified HTML in Jenkins to users with Job/Configure access.
CVE-2018-1000417||A cross-site request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins Email Extension Template Plugin 1.0 and earlier in ExtEmailTemplateManagement.java that allows creating or removing templates.
CVE-2018-1000418||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins HipChat Plugin 2.2.0 and earlier in HipChatNotifier.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to send test notifications to an attacker-specified HipChat server with attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000419||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins HipChat Plugin 2.2.0 and earlier in HipChatNotifier.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to obtain credentials IDs for credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000420||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Mesos Plugin 0.17.1 and earlier in MesosCloud.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to obtain credentials IDs for credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000421||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Mesos Plugin 0.17.1 and earlier in MesosCloud.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to initiate a test connection to an attacker-specified Mesos server with attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000422||An improper authorization vulnerability exists in Jenkins Crowd 2 Integration Plugin 2.0.0 and earlier in CrowdSecurityRealm.java that allows attackers to have Jenkins perform a connection test, connecting to an attacker-specified server with attacker-specified credentials and connection settings.
CVE-2018-1000423||An insufficiently protected credentials vulnerability exists in Jenkins Crowd 2 Integration Plugin 2.0.0 and earlier in CrowdSecurityRealm.java, CrowdConfigurationService.java that allows attackers with local file system access to obtain the credentials used to connect to Crowd 2.
CVE-2018-1000424||An insufficiently protected credentials vulnerability exists in Jenkins Artifactory Plugin 2.16.1 and earlier in ArtifactoryBuilder.java, CredentialsConfig.java that allows attackers with local file system access to obtain old credentials configured for the plugin before it integrated with Credentials Plugin.
CVE-2018-1000425||An insufficiently protected credentials vulnerability exists in Jenkins SonarQube Scanner Plugin 2.8 and earlier in SonarInstallation.java that allows attackers with local file system access to obtain the credentials used to connect to SonarQube.
CVE-2018-1000426||A cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins Git Changelog Plugin 2.6 and earlier in GitChangelogSummaryDecorator/summary.jelly, GitChangelogLeftsideBuildDecorator/badge.jelly, GitLogJiraFilterPostPublisher/config.jelly, GitLogBasicChangelogPostPublisher/config.jelly that allows attackers able to control the Git history parsed by the plugin to have Jenkins render arbitrary HTML on some pages.
CVE-2018-1000500||Busybox contains a Missing SSL certificate validation vulnerability in The "busybox wget" applet that can result in arbitrary code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Simply download any file over HTTPS using "busybox wget https://compromised-domain.com/important-file".
CVE-2018-1000501||Instant Update CMS contains a Password Reset Vulnerability vulnerability in /iu-application/controllers/administration/auth.php that can result in Account Tackover. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in v0.3.3.
CVE-2018-1000502||MyBB Group MyBB contains a File Inclusion vulnerability in Admin panel (Tools and Maintenance -> Task Manager -> Add New Task) that can result in Allows Local File Inclusion on modern PHP versions and Remote File Inclusion on ancient PHP versions. This attack appear to be exploitable via Must have access to admin panel. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.8.15.
CVE-2018-1000503||MyBB Group MyBB contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in Private forums that can result in Users can view posts from private forums without having the password. This attack appear to be exploitable via Subscribe to a forum through IDOR. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.8.15.
CVE-2018-1000504||Redirection version 2.7.3 contains a ACE via file inclusion vulnerability in Pass-through mode that can result in allows admins to execute any PHP file in the filesystem. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker must be have access to an admin account on the target site. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.8.
CVE-2018-1000505||Tooltipy (tooltips for WP) version 5 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Settings page that can result in could allow anybody to duplicate posts. This attack appear to be exploitable via Admin must follow a link. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.1.
CVE-2018-1000506||Metronet Tag Manager version 1.2.7 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Settings page /wp-admin/options-general.php?page=metronet-tag-manager that can result in allows anybody to do almost anything an admin can. This attack appear to be exploitable via Logged in user must follow a link. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.2.9.
CVE-2018-1000507||WP User Groups version 2.0.0 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Settings page that can result in allows anybody to modify user groups and types. This attack appear to be exploitable via Admin must click on link. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.1.1.
CVE-2018-1000508||WP ULike version 2.8.1, 3.1 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Settings screen that can result in allows unauthorised users to do almost anything an admin can. This attack appear to be exploitable via Admin must visit logs page. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.2.
CVE-2018-1000509||Redirection version 2.7.1 contains a Serialisation vulnerability possibly allowing ACE vulnerability in Settings page AJAX that can result in could allow admin to execute arbitrary code in some circumstances. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker must have access to admin account. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.8.
CVE-2018-1000510||WP Image Zoom version 1.23 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in AJAX settings that can result in allows anybody to cause denial of service. This attack appear to be exploitable via Can be triggered intentionally (or unintentionally via CSRF) by any logged in user. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.24.
CVE-2018-1000511||WP ULike version 2.8.1, 3.1 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in AJAX that can result in allows anybody to delete any row in certain tables. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker must make AJAX request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.2.
CVE-2018-1000512||Tooltipy Tooltipy (tooltips for WP) version 5 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Glossary shortcode that can result in could allow anybody to do almost anything an admin can. This attack appear to be exploitable via Admin must follow a link. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.1.
CVE-2018-1000513||LimeSurvey version 3.0.0-beta.3+17110 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Boxes that can result in JS code execution against LimeSurvey admins. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.6.x.
CVE-2018-1000514||LimeSurvey version 3.0.0-beta.3+17110 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Boxes that can result in CSRF admins to delete boxes. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.6.x.
CVE-2018-1000515||ventrian News-Articles version NewsArticles.00.09.11 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in News-Articles/API/MetaWebLog/Handler.ashx.vb that can result in Attacker can read any file in the server or use smbrelay attack to access to server..
CVE-2018-1000516||The Galaxy Project Galaxy version v14.10 contains a CWE-79: Improper Neutralization of Input During Web Page Generation vulnerability in Many templates used in the Galaxy server did not properly sanitize user's input, which would allow for cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks. In this form of attack, a malicious person can create a URL which, when opened by a Galaxy user or administrator, would allow the malicious user to execute arbitrary Javascript. that can result in Arbitrary JavaScript code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must interact with component on page witch contains injected JavaScript code.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in v14.10.1, v15.01.
CVE-2018-1000517||BusyBox project BusyBox wget version prior to commit 8e2174e9bd836e53c8b9c6e00d1bc6e2a718686e contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in Busybox wget that can result in heap buffer overflow. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 8e2174e9bd836e53c8b9c6e00d1bc6e2a718686e.
CVE-2018-1000518||aaugustin websockets version 4 contains a CWE-409: Improper Handling of Highly Compressed Data (Data Amplification) vulnerability in Servers and clients, unless configured with compression=None that can result in Denial of Service by memory exhaustion. This attack appear to be exploitable via Sending a specially crafted frame on an established connection. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.
CVE-2018-1000519||aio-libs aiohttp-session contains a Session Fixation vulnerability in load_session function for RedisStorage (see: https://github.com/aio-libs/aiohttp-session/blob/master/aiohttp_session/redis_storage.py#L42) that can result in Session Hijacking. This attack appear to be exploitable via Any method that allows setting session cookies (?session=<>, or meta tags or script tags with Set-Cookie).
CVE-2018-1000520||ARM mbedTLS version 2.7.0 and earlier contains a Ciphersuite Allows Incorrectly Signed Certificates vulnerability in mbedtls_ssl_get_verify_result() that can result in ECDSA-signed certificates are accepted, when only RSA-signed ones should be.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Peers negotiate a TLS-ECDH-RSA-* ciphersuite. Any of the peers can then provide an ECDSA-signed certificate, when only an RSA-signed one should be accepted..
CVE-2018-1000521||BigTree-CMS contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in /users/create that can result in The low-privileged users can use this vulnerability to attack high-privileged(Developer) users.. This attack appear to be exploitable via no. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit b652cfdc14d0670c81ac4401ad5a04376745c279.
CVE-2018-1000522||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-10364.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-10364.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-10364 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000523||topydo contains a CWE-20: Improper Input Validation vulnerability in ListFormatParser::parse, file topydo/lib/ListFormat.py line 292 as of d4f843dac71308b2f29a7c2cdc76f055c3841523 that can result in Injection of arbitrary bytes to the terminal, including terminal escape code sequences. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must open a todo.txt with at least one specially crafted line..
CVE-2018-1000524||miniSphere version 5.2.9 and earlier contains a Integer Overflow vulnerability in layer_resize() function in map_engine.c that can result in remote denial of service. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must load a specially-crafted map which calls SetLayerSize in its entry script. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.0.3, 5.1.5, 5.2.10 and later.
CVE-2018-1000525||openpsa contains a PHP Object Injection vulnerability in Form data passed as GET request variables that can result in Possible information disclosure and remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted GET request variable containing serialised PHP object. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 097eae0.
CVE-2018-1000526||Openpsa contains a XML Injection vulnerability in RSS file upload feature that can result in Remote denial of service. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted XML file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 4974a26.
CVE-2018-1000527||Froxlor version <= 0.9.39.5 contains a PHP Object Injection vulnerability in Domain name form that can result in Possible information disclosure and remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Passing malicious PHP objection in $_POST['ssl_ipandport']. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit c1e62e6.
CVE-2018-1000528||GONICUS GOsa version before commit 56070d6289d47ba3f5918885954dcceb75606001 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in change password form (html/password.php, #308) that can result in injection of arbitrary web script or HTML. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must open a specially crafted web page. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 56070d6289d47ba3f5918885954dcceb75606001.
CVE-2018-1000529||Grails Fields plugin version 2.2.7 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Using the display tag that can result in XSS . This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.2.8.
CVE-2018-1000530||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-11522.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-11522.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-11522 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000531||inversoft prime-jwt version prior to commit abb0d479389a2509f939452a6767dc424bb5e6ba contains a CWE-20 vulnerability in JWTDecoder.decode that can result in an incorrect signature validation of a JWT token. This attack can be exploitable when an attacker crafts a JWT token with a valid header using 'none' as algorithm and a body to requests it be validated. This vulnerability was fixed after commit abb0d479389a2509f939452a6767dc424bb5e6ba.
CVE-2018-1000532||beep version 1.3 and up contains a External Control of File Name or Path vulnerability in --device option that can result in Local unprivileged user can inhibit execution of arbitrary programs by other users, allowing DoS. This attack appear to be exploitable via The system must allow local users to run beep.
CVE-2018-1000533||klaussilveira GitList version <= 0.6 contains a Passing incorrectly sanitized input to system function vulnerability in `searchTree` function that can result in Execute any code as PHP user. This attack appear to be exploitable via Send POST request using search form. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.7 after commit 87b8c26b023c3fc37f0796b14bb13710f397b322.
CVE-2018-1000534||Joplin version prior to 1.0.90 contains a XSS evolving into code execution due to enabled nodeIntegration for that particular BrowserWindow instance where XSS was identified from vulnerability in Note content field - information on the fix can be found here https://github.com/laurent22/joplin/commit/494e235e18659574f836f84fcf9f4d4fcdcfcf89 that can result in executing unauthorized code within the rights in which the application is running. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim synchronizing notes from the cloud services or other note-keeping services which contain malicious code. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.0.90 and later.
CVE-2018-1000535||lms version <= LMS_011123 contains a Local File Disclosure vulnerability in File reading functionality in LMS module that can result in Possible to read files on the server. This attack appear to be exploitable via GET parameter. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 254765e.
CVE-2018-1000536||Medis version 0.6.1 and earlier contains a XSS vulnerability evolving into code execution due to enabled nodeIntegration for the renderer process vulnerability in Key name parameter on new key creation that can result in Unauthorized code execution in the victim's machine, within the rights of the running application. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim is synchronizing data from the redis server which contains malicious key value.
CVE-2018-1000537||Marlin Firmware Marlin version 1.1.x and earlier contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in cardreader.cpp (Depending on branch/version) that can result in Arbitrary code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Crafted G-Code instruction/file is sent to the printer.
CVE-2018-1000538||Minio Inc. Minio S3 server version prior to RELEASE.2018-05-16T23-35-33Z contains a Allocation of Memory Without Limits or Throttling (similar to CWE-774) vulnerability in write-to-RAM that can result in Denial of Service. This attack appear to be exploitable via Sending V4-(pre)signed requests with large bodies . This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 9c8b7306f55f2c8c0a5c7cea9a8db9d34be8faa7.
CVE-2018-1000539||Nov json-jwt version >= 0.5.0 && < 1.9.4 contains a CWE-347: Improper Verification of Cryptographic Signature vulnerability in Decryption of AES-GCM encrypted JSON Web Tokens that can result in Attacker can forge a authentication tag. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.9.4 and later.
CVE-2018-1000540||LoboEvolution version < 9b75694cedfa4825d4a2330abf2719d470c654cd contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in XML Parsing when viewing the XML file in the browser that can result in disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, server side request forgery. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted XML file.
CVE-2018-1000541||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-10362.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-10362.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-10362 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000542||netbeans-mmd-plugin version <= 1.4.3 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in MMD file import that can result in Possible information disclosure, server-side request forgery, or remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted MMD file.
CVE-2018-1000543||Akiee version 0.0.3 contains a XSS leading to code execution due to the use of node integration vulnerability in "Details" of a task is not validated that can result in XSS leading to abritrary code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via The attacker tricks the victim into opening a crafted markdown.
CVE-2018-1000544||rubyzip gem rubyzip version 1.2.1 and earlier contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in Zip::File component that can result in write arbitrary files to the filesystem. This attack appear to be exploitable via If a site allows uploading of .zip files , an attacker can upload a malicious file that contains symlinks or files with absolute pathnames "../" to write arbitrary files to the filesystem..
CVE-2018-1000545||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-11416.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-11416.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-11416 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000546||Triplea version <= 1.9.0.0.10291 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in Importing game data that can result in Possible information disclosure, server-side request forgery, or remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted game data file (XML).
CVE-2018-1000547||coreBOS version 7.0 and earlier contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in Module: Contacts that can result in The error allows you to access records that you have no permissions to. .
CVE-2018-1000548||Umlet version < 14.3 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in File parsing that can result in disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, server side request forgery. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted UXF file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 14.3.
CVE-2018-1000549||Wekan version 1.04.0 contains a Email / Username Enumeration vulnerability in Register' and 'Forgot your password?' pages that can result in A remote attacker could perform a brute force attack to obtain valid usernames and email addresses.. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP Request.
CVE-2018-1000550||The Sympa Community Sympa version prior to version 6.2.32 contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in wwsympa.fcgi template editing function that can result in Possibility to create or modify files on the server filesystem. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP GET/POST request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 6.2.32.
CVE-2018-1000551||Trovebox version <= 4.0.0-rc6 contains a PHP Type juggling vulnerability in album view component that can result in Authentication bypass. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP Request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 742b8edbe.
CVE-2018-1000552||Trovebox version <= 4.0.0-rc6 contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in album component that can result in SQL code injection. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 742b8ed.
CVE-2018-1000553||Trovebox version <= 4.0.0-rc6 contains a Server-Side request forgery vulnerability in webhook component that can result in read or update internal resources. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 742b8ed.
CVE-2018-1000554||Trovebox version <= 4.0.0-rc6 contains a Unsafe password reset token generation vulnerability in user component that can result in Password reset. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 742b8ed.
CVE-2018-1000555||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-10188.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-10188.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-10188 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000556||WordPress version 4.8 + contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in plugins.php or core wordpress on delete function that can result in An attacker can perform client side attacks which could be from stealing a cookie to code injection. This attack appear to be exploitable via an attacker must craft an URL with payload and send to the user. Victim need to open the link to be affected by reflected XSS. .
CVE-2018-1000557||OCS Inventory OCS Inventory NG version ocsreports 2.4 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in login form and search functionality that can result in An attacker is able to execute arbitrary (javascript) code within a victims' browser. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim must open a crafted link to the application. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in ocsreports 2.4.1.
CVE-2018-1000558||OCS Inventory NG ocsreports 2.4 and ocsreports 2.3.1 version 2.4 and 2.3.1 contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in web search that can result in An authenticated attacker is able to gain full access to data stored within database. This attack appear to be exploitable via By sending crafted requests it is possible to gain database access. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.4.1.
CVE-2018-1000559||qutebrowser version introduced in v0.11.0 (1179ee7a937fb31414d77d9970bac21095358449) contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in history command, qute://history page that can result in Via injected JavaScript code, a website can steal the user's browsing history. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must open a page with a specially crafted <title> attribute, and then open the qute://history site via the :history command. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in fixed in v1.3.3 (4c9360237f186681b1e3f2a0f30c45161cf405c7, to be released today) and v1.4.0 (5a7869f2feaa346853d2a85413d6527c87ef0d9f, released later this week).
CVE-2018-1000600||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins GitHub Plugin 1.29.1 and earlier in GitHubTokenCredentialsCreator.java that allows attackers to an attacker-specified URL using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000601||A arbitrary file read vulnerability exists in Jenkins SSH Credentials Plugin 1.13 and earlier in BasicSSHUserPrivateKey.java that allows attackers with a Jenkins account and the permission to configure credential bindings to read arbitrary files from the Jenkins master file system.
CVE-2018-1000602||A session fixation vulnerability exists in Jenkins SAML Plugin 1.0.6 and earlier in SamlSecurityRealm.java that allows unauthorized attackers to impersonate another users if they can control the pre-authentication session.
CVE-2018-1000603||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Openstack Cloud Plugin 2.35 and earlier in BootSource.java, InstancesToRun.java, JCloudsCleanupThread.java, JCloudsCloud.java, JCloudsComputer.java, JCloudsPreCreationThread.java, JCloudsRetentionStrategy.java, JCloudsSlave.java, JCloudsSlaveTemplate.java, LauncherFactory.java, OpenstackCredentials.java, OpenStackMachineStep.java, SlaveOptions.java, SlaveOptionsDescriptor.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to Jenkins to connect to an attacker-specified URL using attacker-specified credentials IDs obtained through another method, capturing credentials stored in Jenkins, and to cause Jenkins to submit HTTP requests to attacker-specified URLs.
CVE-2018-1000604||A persisted cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in Jenkins Badge Plugin 1.4 and earlier in BadgeSummaryAction.java, HtmlBadgeAction.java that allows attackers able to control build badge content to define JavaScript that would be executed in another user's browser when that other user performs some UI actions.
CVE-2018-1000605||A man in the middle vulnerability exists in Jenkins CollabNet Plugin 2.0.4 and earlier in CollabNetApp.java, CollabNetPlugin.java, CNFormFieldValidator.java that allows attackers to impersonate any service that Jenkins connects to.
CVE-2018-1000606||A server-side request forgery vulnerability exists in Jenkins URLTrigger Plugin 0.41 and earlier in URLTrigger.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to cause Jenkins to send a GET request to a specified URL.
CVE-2018-1000607||A arbitrary file write vulnerability exists in Jenkins Fortify CloudScan Plugin 1.5.1 and earlier in ArchiveUtil.java that allows attackers able to control rulepack zip file contents to overwrite any file on the Jenkins master file system, only limited by the permissions of the user the Jenkins master process is running as.
CVE-2018-1000608||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins z/OS Connector Plugin 1.2.6.1 and earlier in SCLMSCM.java that allows an attacker with local file system access or control of a Jenkins administrator's web browser (e.g. malicious extension) to retrieve the configured password.
CVE-2018-1000609||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Configuration as Code Plugin 0.7-alpha and earlier in ConfigurationAsCode.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read access to obtain the YAML export of the Jenkins configuration.
CVE-2018-1000610||A exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in Jenkins Configuration as Code Plugin 0.7-alpha and earlier in DataBoundConfigurator.java, Attribute.java, BaseConfigurator.java, ExtensionConfigurator.java that allows attackers with access to Jenkins log files to obtain the passwords configured using Configuration as Code Plugin.
CVE-2018-1000611||SURFnet OpenConext EngineBlock version 5.7.0 to 5.7.3 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability that can result in Allows an attacker to inject arbitrary web scripts or HTML into help and login pages. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim opening a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2018-1000612||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-12230.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-12230.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-12230 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000613||Legion of the Bouncy Castle Legion of the Bouncy Castle Java Cryptography APIs 1.58 up to but not including 1.60 contains a CWE-470: Use of Externally-Controlled Input to Select Classes or Code ('Unsafe Reflection') vulnerability in XMSS/XMSS^MT private key deserialization that can result in Deserializing an XMSS/XMSS^MT private key can result in the execution of unexpected code. This attack appear to be exploitable via A handcrafted private key can include references to unexpected classes which will be picked up from the class path for the executing application. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.60 and later.
CVE-2018-1000614||ONOS ONOS Controller version 1.13.1 and earlier contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in providers/netconf/alarm/src/main/java/org/onosproject/provider/netconf/alarm/NetconfAlarmTranslator.java that can result in An adversary can remotely launch advanced XXE attacks on ONOS controller without authentication.. This attack appear to be exploitable via crafted protocol message.
CVE-2018-1000615||ONOS ONOS Controller version 1.13.1 and earlier contains a Denial of Service (Service crash) vulnerability in OVSDB component in ONOS that can result in An adversary can remotely crash OVSDB service ONOS controller via a normal switch.. This attack appear to be exploitable via the attacker should be able to control or forge a switch in the network..
CVE-2018-1000616||ONOS ONOS controller version 1.13.1 and earlier contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in onos\drivers\utilities\src\main\java\org\onosproject\drivers\utilities\XmlConfigParser.java loadxml() that can result in An adversary can remotely launch XXE attacks on ONOS controller via an OpenConfig Terminal Device.. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity.
CVE-2018-1000617||Atlassian Floodlight Atlassian Floodlight Controller version 1.2 and earlier versions contains a Denial of Service vulnerability in Forwarding module that can result in Improper type cast in Forwarding module allows remote attackers to cause a DoS(thread crash).. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity (Remote attack).
CVE-2018-1000618||EOSIO/eos eos version after commit f1545dd0ae2b77580c2236fdb70ae7138d2c7168 contains a stack overflow vulnerability in abi_serializer that can result in attack eos network node. This attack appear to be exploitable via network request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit cf7209e703e6d3f7a5413e0cb1fe88a4d8e4b38d .
CVE-2018-1000619||Ovidentia version 8.4.3 and earlier contains a Unsanitized User Input vulnerability in utilit.php, bab_getAddonFilePathfromTg that can result in Authenticated Remote Code Execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via The attacker must have permission to upload addons.
CVE-2018-1000620||Eran Hammer cryptiles version 4.1.1 earlier contains a CWE-331: Insufficient Entropy vulnerability in randomDigits() method that can result in An attacker is more likely to be able to brute force something that was supposed to be random.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Depends upon the calling application.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 4.1.2.
CVE-2018-1000621||Mycroft AI mycroft-core version 18.2.8b and earlier contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in Websocket configuration that can result in code execution. This impacts ONLY the Mycroft for Linux and "non-enclosure" installs - Mark 1 and Picroft unaffected. This attack appear to be exploitable remote access to the unsecured websocket server. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in No fix currently available.
CVE-2018-1000622||The Rust Programming Language rustdoc version Between 0.8 and 1.27.0 contains a CWE-427: Uncontrolled Search Path Element vulnerability in rustdoc plugins that can result in local code execution as a different user. This attack appear to be exploitable via using the --plugin flag without the --plugin-path flag. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.27.1.
CVE-2018-1000623||JFrog JFrog Artifactory version Prior to version 6.0.3, since version 4.0.0 contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in The "Import Repository from Zip" feature, available through the Admin menu -> Import & Export -> Repositories, triggers a vulnerable UI REST endpoint (/ui/artifactimport/upload) that can result in Directory traversal / file overwrite and remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via An attacker with Admin privileges may use the aforementioned UI endpoint and exploit the publicly known "Zip Slip" vulnerability, to add/overwrite files outside the target directory. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 6.0.3.
CVE-2018-1000624||Battelle V2I Hub 2.5.1 is vulnerable to a denial of service, caused by the failure to restrict access to a sensitive functionality. By visiting http://V2I_HUB/UI/powerdown.php, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to shut down the system.
CVE-2018-1000625||Battelle V2I Hub 2.5.1 contains hard-coded credentials for the administrative account. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to log in as an admin on any installation and gain unauthorized access to the system.
CVE-2018-1000626||Battelle V2I Hub 2.5.1 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by the lack of requirement to change the default API key. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability using all available API functions containing an unchanged API key to gain unauthorized access to the system.
CVE-2018-1000627||Battelle V2I Hub 2.5.1 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to restrict access to the API key file. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain the current API key to gain unauthorized access to the system.
CVE-2018-1000628||Battelle V2I Hub 2.5.1 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by the direct checking of the API key against a user-supplied value in PHP's GET global variable array using PHP's strcmp() function. By adding "[]" to the end of "key" in the URL when accessing API functions, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute API functions.
CVE-2018-1000629||Battelle V2I Hub 2.5.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting, caused by improper validation of user-supplied input by api/SystemConfigActions.php?action=add and the index.php script. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability using the parameterName or _login_username parameter in a specially-crafted URL to execute script in a victim's Web browser within the security context of the hosting Web site, once the URL is clicked. An attacker could use this vulnerability to steal the victim's cookie-based authentication credentials.
CVE-2018-1000630||Battelle V2I Hub 2.5.1 is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote authenticated attacker could send specially-crafted SQL statements to /api/PluginStatusActions.php and /status/pluginStatus.php using the jtSorting or id parameter, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database.
CVE-2018-1000631||Battelle V2I Hub 3.0 is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote attacker could send specially-crafted SQL statements to the tmx/TmxCtl/src/lib/PluginStatus.cpp and TmxControl::user_info() function, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database.
CVE-2018-1000632||dom4j version prior to version 2.1.1 contains a CWE-91: XML Injection vulnerability in Class: Element. Methods: addElement, addAttribute that can result in an attacker tampering with XML documents through XML injection. This attack appear to be exploitable via an attacker specifying attributes or elements in the XML document. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.1.1 or later.
CVE-2018-1000633||The Open Microscopy Environment OMERO.web version prior to 5.4.7 contains an Information Exposure Through Log Files vulnerability in the login form and change password form that can result in User's password being revealed. Attacker can log in as that user. This attack appear to be exploitable via an attacker reading the web server log. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.4.7.
CVE-2018-1000634||The Open Microscopy Environment OMERO.server version 5.4.0 to 5.4.6 contains an Improper Access Control vulnerability in User management that can result in administrative user with privilege restrictions logging in as a more powerful administrator. This attack appear to be exploitable via Use user administration privilege to set the password of a more powerful administrator. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.4.7.
CVE-2018-1000635||The Open Microscopy Environment OMERO.server version 5.4.0 to 5.4.6 contains a Information Exposure Through Sent Data vulnerability in OMERO.server that can result in an Attacker gaining full administrative access to server and may be able to disable it. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.4.7.
CVE-2018-1000636||JerryScript version Tested on commit f86d7459d195c8ba58479d1861b0cc726c8b3793. Analysing history it seems that the issue has been present since commit 64a340ffeb8809b2b66bbe32fd443a8b79fdd860 contains a CWE-476: NULL Pointer Dereference vulnerability in Triggering undefined behavior at jerry-core/ecma/builtin-objects/typedarray/ecma-builtin-typedarray-prototype.c:598 (passing NULL to memcpy as 2nd argument) results in null pointer dereference (segfault) at jerry-core/jmem/jmem-heap.c:463 that can result in Crash due to segmentation fault. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must execute specially crafted javascript code. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 87897849f6879df10e8ad68a41bf8cf507edf710.
CVE-2018-1000637||zutils version prior to version 1.8-pre2 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in zcat that can result in Potential denial of service or arbitrary code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim openning a crafted compressed file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.8-pre2.
CVE-2018-1000638||MiniCMS version 1.1 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in http://example.org/mc-admin/page.php?date={payload} that can result in code injection.
CVE-2018-1000639||LatexDraw version <=4.0 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in SVG parsing functionality that can result in disclosure of data, server side request forgery, port scanning, possible rce. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted SVG file.
CVE-2018-1000640||OpenCart-Overclocked version <=1.11.1 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in User input entered unsanitised within JS function in the template that can result in Unauthorised actions and access to data, stealing session information, denial of service. This attack appear to be exploitable via Malicious input passed in GET parameter.
CVE-2018-1000641||YesWiki version <= cercopitheque beta 1 contains a PHP Object Injection vulnerability in Unserialising user entered parameter in i18n.inc.php that can result in execution of code, disclosure of information.
CVE-2018-1000642||FlightAirMap version <=v1.0-beta.21 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in GET variable used within registration sub menu page that can result in unauthorised actions and access to data, stealing session information. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 22b09a3.
CVE-2018-1000643||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-1000644||Eclipse RDF4j version < 2.4.0 Milestone 2 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in RDF4j XML parser parsing RDF files that can result in the disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, server side request forgery, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted RDF file.
CVE-2018-1000645||LibreHealthIO lh-ehr version <REL-2.0.0 contains an Authenticated Local File Disclosure vulnerability in Importing of templates allows local file disclosure that can result in Disclosure of sensitive files on the server. This attack appear to be exploitable via User controlled variable in import templates function.
CVE-2018-1000646||LibreHealthIO LH-EHR version REL-2.0.0 contains an Authenticated Unrestricted File Write vulnerability in Import template that can result in write files with malicious content and may lead to remote code execution.
CVE-2018-1000647||LibreHealthIO lh-ehr version REL-2.0.0 contains a Authenticated Unrestricted File Deletion vulnerability in Import template that can result in Denial of service. This attack appear to be exploitable via User controlled parameter.
CVE-2018-1000648||LibreHealthIO lh-ehr version REL-2.0.0 contains a Authenticated Unrestricted File Write vulnerability in Patient file letter functions that can result in Write files with malicious content and may lead to remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via User controlled parameters.
CVE-2018-1000649||LibreHealthIO lh-ehr version REL-2.0.0 contains a Authenticated Unrestricted File Write in letter.php (2) vulnerability in Patient file letter functions that can result in Write files with malicious content and may lead to remote code execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via User controlled input.
CVE-2018-1000650||LibreHealthIO lh-ehr version REL-2.0.0 contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in Show Groups Popup SQL query functions that can result in Ability to perform malicious database queries. This attack appear to be exploitable via User controlled parameters.
CVE-2018-1000651||Stroom version <5.4.5 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in XML Parser that can result in disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, server side request forgery, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted XML file.
CVE-2018-1000652||JabRef version <=4.3.1 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in MsBibImporter XML Parser that can result in disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, server side request forgery, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted MsBib file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 89f855d.
CVE-2018-1000653||zzcms version 8.3 and earlier contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in zt/top.php line 5 that can result in could be attacked by sql injection in zzcms in nginx. This attack appear to be exploitable via running zzcms in nginx.
CVE-2018-1000654||GNU Libtasn1-4.13 libtasn1-4.13 version libtasn1-4.13, libtasn1-4.12 contains a DoS, specifically CPU usage will reach 100% when running asn1Paser against the POC due to an issue in _asn1_expand_object_id(p_tree), after a long time, the program will be killed. This attack appears to be exploitable via parsing a crafted file.
CVE-2018-1000655||Jsish version 2.4.65 contains a CWE-476: NULL Pointer Dereference vulnerability in Function jsi_ValueCopyMove from jsiValue.c:240 that can result in Crash due to segmentation fault. This attack appear to be exploitable via a crafted javascript code. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.4.67.
CVE-2018-1000656||The Pallets Project flask version Before 0.12.3 contains a CWE-20: Improper Input Validation vulnerability in flask that can result in Large amount of memory usage possibly leading to denial of service. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker provides JSON data in incorrect encoding. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.12.3. NOTE: this may overlap CVE-2019-1010083.
CVE-2018-1000657||Rust Programming Language Rust standard library version Commit bfa0e1f58acf1c28d500c34ed258f09ae021893e and later; stable release 1.3.0 and later contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in std::collections::vec_deque::VecDeque::reserve() function that can result in Arbitrary code execution, but no proof-of-concept exploit is currently published.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit fdfafb510b1a38f727e920dccbeeb638d39a8e60; stable release 1.22.0 and later.
CVE-2018-1000658||LimeSurvey version prior to 3.14.4 contains a file upload vulnerability in upload functionality that can result in an attacker gaining code execution via webshell. This attack appear to be exploitable via an authenticated user uploading a zip archive which can contains malicious php files that can be called under certain circumstances. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 91d143230eb357260a19c8424b3005deb49a47f7 / version 3.14.4.
CVE-2018-1000659||LimeSurvey version 3.14.4 and earlier contains a directory traversal in file upload that allows upload of webshell vulnerability in file upload functionality that can result in remote code execution as authenticated user. This attack appear to be exploitable via An authenticated user can upload a specially crafted zip file to get remote code execution. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 72a02ebaaf95a80e26127ee7ee2b123cccce05a7 / version 3.14.4.
CVE-2018-1000660||TOCK version prior to commit 42f7f36e74088036068d62253e1d8fb26605feed. For example dfde28196cd12071fcf6669f7654be7df482b85d contains a Insecure Permissions vulnerability in Function get_package_name in the file kernel/src/tbfheader.rs, variable "pub package_name: &'static str," in the file process.rs that can result in A tock capsule (untrusted driver) could access arbitrary memory by using only safe code. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in commit 42f7f36e74088036068d62253e1d8fb26605feed.
CVE-2018-1000661||jsish version 2.4.67 contains a CWE-476: NULL Pointer Dereference vulnerability in Jsi_LogMsg (jsiUtils.c:196) that can result in Crash due to segmentation fault. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim executing specially crafted javascript code. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.4.69.
CVE-2018-1000662||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was inadvertently assigned by a different CNA at a time when the discoverer was communicating with the specific "Vendors and Projects" CNA for the product in question.
CVE-2018-1000663||jsish version 2.4.70 2.047 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in function _jsi_evalcode from jsiEval.c that can result in Crash due to segmentation fault. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must execute crafted javascript code.
CVE-2018-1000664||daneren2005 DSub for Subsonic (Android client) version 5.4.1 contains a CWE-295: Improper Certificate Validation vulnerability in HTTPS Client that can result in Any non-CA signed server certificate, including self signed and expired, are accepted by the client. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim connects to a server that's MITM/Proxied by an attacker.
CVE-2018-1000665||Dojo Dojo Objective Harness (DOH) version prior to version 1.14 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in unit.html and testsDOH/_base/loader/i18n-exhaustive/i18n-test/unit.html and testsDOH/_base/i18nExhaustive.js in the DOH that can result in Victim attacked through their browser - deliver malware, steal HTTP cookies, bypass CORS trust. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victims are typically lured to a web site under the attacker's control; the XSS vulnerability on the target domain is silently exploited without the victim's knowledge. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.14.
CVE-2018-1000666||GIG Technology NV JumpScale Portal 7 version before commit 15443122ed2b1cbfd7bdefc048bf106f075becdb contains a CWE-78: Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in an OS Command ('OS Command Injection') vulnerability in method: notifySpaceModification; that can result in Improper validation of parameters results in command execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Network connectivity, required minimal auth privileges (everyone can register an account). This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in After commit 15443122ed2b1cbfd7bdefc048bf106f075becdb.
CVE-2018-1000667||NASM nasm-2.13.03 nasm- 2.14rc15 version 2.14rc15 and earlier contains a memory corruption (crashed) of nasm when handling a crafted file due to function assemble_file(inname, depend_ptr) at asm/nasm.c:482. vulnerability in function assemble_file(inname, depend_ptr) at asm/nasm.c:482. that can result in aborting/crash nasm program. This attack appear to be exploitable via a specially crafted asm file..
CVE-2018-1000668||jsish version 2.4.70 2.047 contains a CWE-125: Out-of-bounds Read vulnerability in function jsi_ObjArrayLookup (jsiObj.c:274) that can result in Crash due to segmentation fault. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must execute crafted javascript code. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.4.71.
CVE-2018-1000669||KOHA Library System version 16.11.x (up until 16.11.13) and 17.05.x (up until 17.05.05) contains a Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in /cgi-bin/koha/members/paycollect.pl Parameters affected: borrowernumber, amount, amountoutstanding, paid that can result in Attackers can mark payments as paid for certain users on behalf of Administrators. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must be socially engineered into clicking a link, usually via email. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 17.11.
CVE-2018-1000670||KOHA Library System version 16.11.x (up until 16.11.13) and 17.05.x (up until 17.05.05) contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Multiple fields on multiple pages including /cgi-bin/koha/acqui/supplier.pl?op=enter , /cgi-bin/koha/circ/circulation.pl?borrowernumber=[number] , /cgi-bin/koha/serials/subscription-add.pl that can result in Privilege escalation by taking control of higher privileged users browser sessions. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victims must be socially engineered to visit a vulnerable webpage containing malicious payload. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 17.11.
CVE-2018-1000671||sympa version 6.2.16 and later contains a CWE-601: URL Redirection to Untrusted Site ('Open Redirect') vulnerability in The "referer" parameter of the wwsympa.fcgi login action. that can result in Open redirection and reflected XSS via data URIs. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim's browser must follow a URL supplied by the attacker. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in none available.
CVE-2018-1000672||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-16391, CVE-2018-16392, CVE-2018-16393, CVE-2018-16418, CVE-2018-16419, CVE-2018-16420, CVE-2018-16421, CVE-2018-16422, CVE-2018-16423, CVE-2018-16424, CVE-2018-16425, CVE-2018-16426, CVE-2018-16427. Reason: This candidate is a duplicate of CVE-2018-16391, CVE-2018-16392, CVE-2018-16393, CVE-2018-16418, CVE-2018-16419, CVE-2018-16420, CVE-2018-16421, CVE-2018-16422, CVE-2018-16423, CVE-2018-16424, CVE-2018-16425, CVE-2018-16426, and CVE-2018-16427. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-16391, CVE-2018-16392, CVE-2018-16393, CVE-2018-16418, CVE-2018-16419, CVE-2018-16420, CVE-2018-16421, CVE-2018-16422, CVE-2018-16423, CVE-2018-16424, CVE-2018-16425, CVE-2018-16426, and/or CVE-2018-16427 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000673||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-1000773.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-1000773.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-1000773 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000773||WordPress version 4.9.8 and earlier contains a CWE-20 Input Validation vulnerability in thumbnail processing that can result in remote code execution due to an incomplete fix for CVE-2017-1000600. This attack appears to be exploitable via thumbnail upload by an authenticated user and may require additional plugins in order to be exploited however this has not been confirmed at this time.
CVE-2018-1000800||zephyr-rtos version 1.12.0 contains a NULL base pointer reference vulnerability in sys_ring_buf_put(), sys_ring_buf_get() that can result in CPU Page Fault (error code 0x00000010). This attack appear to be exploitable via a malicious application call the vulnerable kernel APIs (system sys_ring_buf_get() and sys_ring_buf_put).
CVE-2018-1000801||okular version 18.08 and earlier contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in function "unpackDocumentArchive(...)" in "core/document.cpp" that can result in Arbitrary file creation on the user workstation. This attack appear to be exploitable via he victim must open a specially crafted Okular archive. This issue appears to have been corrected in version 18.08.1
CVE-2018-1000802||Python Software Foundation Python (CPython) version 2.7 contains a CWE-77: Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in a Command ('Command Injection') vulnerability in shutil module (make_archive function) that can result in Denial of service, Information gain via injection of arbitrary files on the system or entire drive. This attack appear to be exploitable via Passage of unfiltered user input to the function. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit add531a1e55b0a739b0f42582f1c9747e5649ace.
CVE-2018-1000803||Gitea version prior to version 1.5.1 contains a CWE-200 vulnerability that can result in Exposure of users private email addresses. This attack appear to be exploitable via Watch a repository to receive email notifications. Emails received contain the other recipients even if they have the email set as private. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.5.1.
CVE-2018-1000804||contiki-ng version 4 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in AQL (Antelope Query Language) database engine that can result in Attacker can perform Remote Code Execution on device using Contiki-NG operating system. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker must be able to run malicious AQL code (e.g. via SQL-like Injection attack).
CVE-2018-1000805||Paramiko version 2.4.1, 2.3.2, 2.2.3, 2.1.5, 2.0.8, 1.18.5, 1.17.6 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in SSH server that can result in RCE. This attack appear to be exploitable via network connectivity.
CVE-2018-1000806||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-17074.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-17074.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-17074 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000807||Python Cryptographic Authority pyopenssl version prior to version 17.5.0 contains a CWE-416: Use After Free vulnerability in X509 object handling that can result in Use after free can lead to possible denial of service or remote code execution.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Depends on the calling application and if it retains a reference to the memory.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 17.5.0.
CVE-2018-1000808||Python Cryptographic Authority pyopenssl version Before 17.5.0 contains a CWE - 401 : Failure to Release Memory Before Removing Last Reference vulnerability in PKCS #12 Store that can result in Denial of service if memory runs low or is exhausted. This attack appear to be exploitable via Depends upon calling application, however it could be as simple as initiating a TLS connection. Anything that would cause the calling application to reload certificates from a PKCS #12 store.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 17.5.0.
CVE-2018-1000809||privacyIDEA version 2.23.1 and earlier contains a Improper Input Validation vulnerability in token validation api that can result in Denial-of-Service. This attack appear to be exploitable via http request with user=<space>&pass= to /validate/check url. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.23.2.
CVE-2018-1000810||The Rust Programming Language Standard Library version 1.29.0, 1.28.0, 1.27.2, 1.27.1, 127.0, 126.2, 126.1, 126.0 contains a CWE-680: Integer Overflow to Buffer Overflow vulnerability in standard library that can result in buffer overflow. This attack appear to be exploitable via str::repeat, passed a large number, can overflow an internal buffer. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.29.1.
CVE-2018-1000811||bludit version 3.0.0 contains a Unrestricted Upload of File with Dangerous Type vulnerability in Content Upload in Pages Editor that can result in Remote Command Execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via malicious user have to upload a crafted payload containing PHP code.
CVE-2018-1000812||Artica Integria IMS version 5.0 MR56 Package 58, likely earlier versions contains a CWE-640: Weak Password Recovery Mechanism for Forgotten Password vulnerability in Password recovery process, line 45 of general/password_recovery.php that can result in IntegriaIMS web app user accounts can be taken over. This attack appear to be exploitable via Network access to IntegriaIMS web interface . This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in fixed in versions released after commit f2ff0ba821644acecb893483c86a9c4d3bb75047.
CVE-2018-1000813||Backdrop CMS version 1.11.0 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Sanitization of custom class names used on blocks and layouts. that can result in Execution of JavaScript from an unexpected source.. This attack appear to be exploitable via A user must be directed to an affected page while logged in.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.11.1 and later.
CVE-2018-1000814||aio-libs aiohttp-session version 2.6.0 and earlier contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in EncryptedCookieStorage and NaClCookieStorage that can result in Non-expiring sessions / Infinite lifespan. This attack appear to be exploitable via Recreation of a cookie post-expiry with the same value.
CVE-2018-1000815||Brave Software Inc. Brave version version 0.22.810 to 0.24.0 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in function ContentSettingsObserver::AllowScript() in content_settings_observer.cc that can result in Websites can run inline JavaScript even if script is blocked, making attackers easier to track users. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must visit a specially crafted website. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.25.2.
CVE-2018-1000816||Grafana version confirmed for 5.2.4 and 5.3.0 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Influxdb and Graphite query editor that can result in Running arbitrary js code in victims browser.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Authenticated user must click on the input field where the payload was previously inserted..
CVE-2018-1000817||Asset Pipeline Grails Plugin Asset-pipeline plugin version Prior to 2.14.1.1, 2.15.1 and 3.0.6 contains a Incorrect Access Control vulnerability in Applications deployed in Jetty that can result in Download .class files and any arbitrary file. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted GET request containing directory traversal from assets-pipeline context. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.14.1.1 (for Grails 2.x), 2.15.1 (for Grails 3 and Java 7) and 3.0.6 (for Grails 3 and Java 8).
CVE-2018-1000818||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-19132.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-19132.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-19132 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000819||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-19131.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-19131.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-19131 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000820||neo4j-contrib neo4j-apoc-procedures version before commit 45bc09c contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in XML Parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 45bc09c.
CVE-2018-1000821||MicroMathematics version before commit 5c05ac8 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in SMathStudio files that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted SMathStudio files. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 5c05ac8.
CVE-2018-1000822||codelibs fess version before commit faa265b contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in GSA XML file parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via specially crafted GSA XML files. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit faa265b.
CVE-2018-1000823||exist version <= 5.0.0-RC4 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in XML Parser for REST Server that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning.
CVE-2018-1000824||MegaMek version < v0.45.1 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in Object Stream Connection that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
CVE-2018-1000825||FreeCol version <= nightly-2018-08-22 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in FreeColXMLReader parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Freecol file.
CVE-2018-1000826||Microweber version <= 1.0.7 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Admin login form template that can result in Execution of JavaScript code.
CVE-2018-1000827||Ubilling version <= 0.9.2 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in user-controlled parameter that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
CVE-2018-1000828||FrostWire version <= frostwire-desktop-6.7.4-build-272 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in Man in the middle on update that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Man in the middle the call to update the software.
CVE-2018-1000829||Anyplace version before commit 80359b4 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in Man in the middle on map API call that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 80359b4.
CVE-2018-1000830||XR3Player version <= V3.124 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in Playlist parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning.
CVE-2018-1000831||K9Mail version <= v5.600 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in WebDAV response parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via malicious WebDAV server or intercept the reponse of a valid WebDAV server.
CVE-2018-1000832||ZoneMinder version <= 1.32.2 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in User-controlled parameter that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
CVE-2018-1000833||ZoneMinder version <= 1.32.2 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in User-controlled parameter that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, remote code execution.
CVE-2018-1000834||runelite version <= runelite-parent-1.4.23 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in Man in the middle runscape services call that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning.
CVE-2018-1000835||KeePassDX version <= 2.5.0.0beta17 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in kdbx file parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning.
CVE-2018-1000836||bw-calendar-engine version <= bw-calendar-engine-3.12.0 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in IscheduleClient XML Parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Man in the Middle or malicious server.
CVE-2018-1000837||UML Designer version <= 8.0.0 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in XML parser for plugins that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via malicious plugins.xml file.
CVE-2018-1000838||autopsy version <= 4.9.0 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in CaseMetadata XML Parser that can result in Disclosure of confidential data, denial of service, SSRF, port scanning. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted CaseMetadata.
CVE-2018-1000839||LH-EHR version REL-2_0_0 contains a Arbitrary File Upload vulnerability in Profile picture upload that can result in Remote Code Execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Uploading a PHP file with image MIME type.
CVE-2018-1000840||Processing Foundation Processing version 3.4 and earlier contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in loadXML() function that can result in An attacker can read arbitrary files and exfiltrate their contents via HTTP requests. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must use Processing to parse a crafted XML document.
CVE-2018-1000841||Zend.To version Prior to 5.15-1 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in The verify.php page that can result in An attacker could execute arbitrary Javascript code in the context of the victim's browser.. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP POST request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.16-1 Beta.
CVE-2018-1000842||FatFreeCRM version <=0.14.1, >=0.15.0 <=0.15.1, >=0.16.0 <=0.16.3, >=0.17.0 <=0.17.2, ==0.18.0 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in commit 6d60bc8ed010c4eda05d6645c64849f415f68d65 that can result in Javascript execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Content with Javascript payload will be executed on end user browsers when they visit the page. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.18.1, 0.17.3, 0.16.4, 0.15.2, 0.14.2.
CVE-2018-1000843||Luigi version prior to version 2.8.0; after commit 53b52e12745075a8acc016d33945d9d6a7a6aaeb; after GitHub PR spotify/luigi/pull/1870 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in API endpoint: /api/<method> that can result in Task metadata such as task name, id, parameter, etc. will be leaked to unauthorized users. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must visit a specially crafted webpage from the network where their Luigi server is accessible.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.8.0 and later.
CVE-2018-1000844||Square Open Source Retrofit version Prior to commit 4a693c5aeeef2be6c7ecf80e7b5ec79f6ab59437 contains a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in JAXB that can result in An attacker could use this to remotely read files from the file system or to perform SSRF.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in After commit 4a693c5aeeef2be6c7ecf80e7b5ec79f6ab59437.
CVE-2018-1000845||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultID: CVE-2017-6519.  Reason: This candidate is a duplicate of CVE-2017-6519.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2017-6519 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000846||FreshDNS version 1.0.3 and earlier contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in All (authenticated) API calls in index.php / class.manager.php that can result in Editing domains and zones with victim's privileges. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim must open a website containing attacker's javascript. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.0.5 and later.
CVE-2018-1000847||FreshDNS version 1.0.3 and prior contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Account data form; Zone editor that can result in Execution of attacker's JavaScript code in victim's session. This attack appear to be exploitable via The attacker stores a specially crafted string as their Full Name in their account details. The victim (e.g. the administrator of the FreshDNS instance) opens the User List in the admin interface.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.0.5 and later.
CVE-2018-1000848||Wampserver version prior to version 3.1.5 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php localhost page that can result in very low. This attack appear to be exploitable via payload onmouseover. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.1.5 and later.
CVE-2018-1000849||Alpine Linux version Versions prior to 2.6.10, 2.7.6, and 2.10.1 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in apk-tools (Alpine Linux' package manager) that can result in Remote Code Execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via A specially crafted APK-file can cause apk to write arbitrary data to an attacker-specified file, due to bugs in handling long link target name and the way a regular file is extracted.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.6.10, 2.7.6, and 2.10.1.
CVE-2018-1000850||Square Retrofit version versions from (including) 2.0 and 2.5.0 (excluding) contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in RequestBuilder class, method addPathParameter that can result in By manipulating the URL an attacker could add or delete resources otherwise unavailable to her.. This attack appear to be exploitable via An attacker should have access to an encoded path parameter on POST, PUT or DELETE request.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.5.0 and later.
CVE-2018-1000851||Copay Bitcoin Wallet version 5.01 to 5.1.0 included. contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in wallet private key storage that can result in Users' private key can be compromised. . This attack appear to be exploitable via Affected version run the malicious code at startup . This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.2.0 and later .
CVE-2018-1000852||FreeRDP FreeRDP 2.0.0-rc3 released version before commit 205c612820dac644d665b5bb1cdf437dc5ca01e3 contains a Other/Unknown vulnerability in channels/drdynvc/client/drdynvc_main.c, drdynvc_process_capability_request that can result in The RDP server can read the client's memory.. This attack appear to be exploitable via RDPClient must connect the rdp server with echo option. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 205c612820dac644d665b5bb1cdf437dc5ca01e3.
CVE-2018-1000853||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-18925.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-18925.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-18925 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000854||esigate.org esigate version 5.2 and earlier contains a CWE-74: Improper Neutralization of Special Elements in Output Used by a Downstream Component ('Injection') vulnerability in ESI directive with user specified XSLT that can result in Remote Code Execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Use of another weakness in backend application to reflect ESI directives. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 5.3.
CVE-2018-1000855||easymon version 1.4 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Endpoint where monitoring is mounted that can result in Reflected XSS that affects Firefox. Can be used to steal cookies, depending on the cookie settings.. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim must click on a crafted URL that contains the XSS payload. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.4.1 and later.
CVE-2018-1000856||DomainMOD version 4.09.03 and above. Also verified in the latest version 4.11.01 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Segment Name field in the segments page that can result in Arbitrary script can be executed on all users browsers who visit the affected page. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim must visit the vulnerable page. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in No fix yet.
CVE-2018-1000857||log-user-session version 0.7 and earlier contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in Main SUID-binary /usr/local/bin/log-user-session that can result in User to root privilege escalation. This attack appear to be exploitable via Malicious unprivileged user executes the vulnerable binary/(remote) environment variable manipulation similar shell-shock also possible.
CVE-2018-1000858||GnuPG version 2.1.12 - 2.2.11 contains a Cross ite Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in dirmngr that can result in Attacker controlled CSRF, Information Disclosure, DoS. This attack appear to be exploitable via Victim must perform a WKD request, e.g. enter an email address in the composer window of Thunderbird/Enigmail. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 4a4bb874f63741026bd26264c43bb32b1099f060.
CVE-2018-1000859||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: CVE-2018-19518.  Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2018-19518.  Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2018-19518 instead of this candidate.  All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1000860||phpipam version 1.3.2 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in The value of the phpipamredirect cookie is copied into an HTML tag on the login page encapsulated in single quotes. Editing the value of the cookie to r5zkh'><script>alert(1)</script>quqtl exploits an XSS vulnerability. that can result in Arbitrary code executes in victims browser.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Needs to be chained with another exploit that allows an attacker to set or modify a cookie for the phpIPAM instance's domain..
CVE-2018-1000861||A code execution vulnerability exists in the Stapler web framework used by Jenkins 2.153 and earlier, LTS 2.138.3 and earlier in stapler/core/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/stapler/MetaClass.java that allows attackers to invoke some methods on Java objects by accessing crafted URLs that were not intended to be invoked this way.
CVE-2018-1000862||An information exposure vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.153 and earlier, LTS 2.138.3 and earlier in DirectoryBrowserSupport.java that allows attackers with the ability to control build output to browse the file system on agents running builds beyond the duration of the build using the workspace browser.
CVE-2018-1000863||A data modification vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.153 and earlier, LTS 2.138.3 and earlier in User.java, IdStrategy.java that allows attackers to submit crafted user names that can cause an improper migration of user record storage formats, potentially preventing the victim from logging into Jenkins.
CVE-2018-1000864||A denial of service vulnerability exists in Jenkins 2.153 and earlier, LTS 2.138.3 and earlier in CronTab.java that allows attackers with Overall/Read permission to have a request handling thread enter an infinite loop.
CVE-2018-1000865||A sandbox bypass vulnerability exists in Script Security Plugin 1.47 and earlier in groovy-sandbox/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/groovy/sandbox/SandboxTransformer.java that allows attackers with Job/Configure permission to execute arbitrary code on the Jenkins master JVM, if plugins using the Groovy sandbox are installed.
CVE-2018-1000866||A sandbox bypass vulnerability exists in Pipeline: Groovy Plugin 2.59 and earlier in groovy-sandbox/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/groovy/sandbox/SandboxTransformer.java, groovy-cps/lib/src/main/java/com/cloudbees/groovy/cps/SandboxCpsTransformer.java that allows attackers with Job/Configure permission, or unauthorized attackers with SCM commit privileges and corresponding pipelines based on Jenkinsfiles set up in Jenkins, to execute arbitrary code on the Jenkins master JVM
CVE-2018-1000867||WeBid version up to current version 1.2.2 contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in All five yourauctions*.php scripts that can result in Database Read via Blind SQL Injection. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP Request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 256a5f9d3eafbc477dcf77c7682446cc4b449c7f.
CVE-2018-1000868||WeBid version up to current version 1.2.2 contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in user_login.php, register.php that can result in Javascript execution in the user's browser, injection of malicious markup into the page. This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim user must click a malicous link. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 256a5f9d3eafbc477dcf77c7682446cc4b449c7f.
CVE-2018-1000869||phpIPAM version 1.3.2 contains a CWE-89 vulnerability in /app/admin/nat/item-add-submit.php that can result in SQL Injection.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Rough user, exploiting the vulnerability to access information he/she does not have access to.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.4.
CVE-2018-1000870||PHPipam version 1.3.2 and earlier contains a CWE-79 vulnerability in /app/admin/users/print-user.php that can result in Execute code in the victims browser. This attack appear to be exploitable via Attacker change theme parameter in user settings. Admin(Victim) views user in admin-panel and gets exploited.. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.4.
CVE-2018-1000871||HotelDruid HotelDruid 2.3.0 version 2.3.0 and earlier contains a SQL Injection vulnerability in "id_utente_mod" parameter in gestione_utenti.php file that can result in An attacker can dump all the database records of backend webserver. This attack appear to be exploitable via the attack can be done by anyone via specially crafted sql query passed to the "id_utente_mod=1" parameter.
CVE-2018-1000872||OpenKMIP PyKMIP version All versions before 0.8.0 contains a CWE 399: Resource Management Errors (similar issue to CVE-2015-5262) vulnerability in PyKMIP server that can result in DOS: the server can be made unavailable by one or more clients opening all of the available sockets. This attack appear to be exploitable via A client or clients open sockets with the server and then never close them. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 0.8.0.
CVE-2018-1000873||Fasterxml Jackson version Before 2.9.8 contains a CWE-20: Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Jackson-Modules-Java8 that can result in Causes a denial-of-service (DoS). This attack appear to be exploitable via The victim deserializes malicious input, specifically very large values in the nanoseconds field of a time value. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.9.8.
CVE-2018-1000874||** DISPUTED ** PHP cebe markdown parser version 1.2.0 and earlier contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in all distributed parsers allowing a malicious crafted script to be executed that can result in the lose of user data and sensitive user information. This attack can be exploited by crafting a three backtick wrapped payload with a character in front: L: "```<script>alert();</script>```". NOTE: This has been argued as a non-issue (see references) since it is not the parser's job to sanitize malicious code from a parsed document.
CVE-2018-1000875||Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing BOINC Server and Website Code version 0.9-1.0.2 contains a CWE-302: Authentication Bypass by Assumed-Immutable Data vulnerability in Website Terms of Service Acceptance Page that can result in Access to any user account. This attack appear to be exploitable via Specially crafted URL. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.0.3.
CVE-2018-1000876||binutils version 2.32 and earlier contains a Integer Overflow vulnerability in objdump, bfd_get_dynamic_reloc_upper_bound,bfd_canonicalize_dynamic_reloc that can result in Integer overflow trigger heap overflow. Successful exploitation allows execution of arbitrary code.. This attack appear to be exploitable via Local. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 3a551c7a1b80fca579461774860574eabfd7f18f.
CVE-2018-1000877||libarchive version commit 416694915449219d505531b1096384f3237dd6cc onwards (release v3.1.0 onwards) contains a CWE-415: Double Free vulnerability in RAR decoder - libarchive/archive_read_support_format_rar.c, parse_codes(), realloc(rar->lzss.window, new_size) with new_size = 0 that can result in Crash/DoS. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must open a specially crafted RAR archive.
CVE-2018-1000878||libarchive version commit 416694915449219d505531b1096384f3237dd6cc onwards (release v3.1.0 onwards) contains a CWE-416: Use After Free vulnerability in RAR decoder - libarchive/archive_read_support_format_rar.c that can result in Crash/DoS - it is unknown if RCE is possible. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must open a specially crafted RAR archive.
CVE-2018-1000879||libarchive version commit 379867ecb330b3a952fb7bfa7bffb7bbd5547205 onwards (release v3.3.0 onwards) contains a CWE-476: NULL Pointer Dereference vulnerability in ACL parser - libarchive/archive_acl.c, archive_acl_from_text_l() that can result in Crash/DoS. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must open a specially crafted archive file.
CVE-2018-1000880||libarchive version commit 9693801580c0cf7c70e862d305270a16b52826a7 onwards (release v3.2.0 onwards) contains a CWE-20: Improper Input Validation vulnerability in WARC parser - libarchive/archive_read_support_format_warc.c, _warc_read() that can result in DoS - quasi-infinite run time and disk usage from tiny file. This attack appear to be exploitable via the victim must open a specially crafted WARC file.
CVE-2018-1000881||Traccar Traccar Server version 4.0 and earlier contains a CWE-94: Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection') vulnerability in ComputedAttributesHandler.java that can result in Remote Command Execution. This attack appear to be exploitable via Remote: web application request by a self-registered user. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 4.1 and later.
CVE-2018-1000882||WeBid version up to current version 1.2.2 contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in getthumb.php that can result in Arbitrary Image File Read. This attack appear to be exploitable via HTTP GET Request. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in after commit 256a5f9d3eafbc477dcf77c7682446cc4b449c7f.
CVE-2018-1000883||Elixir Plug Plug version All contains a Header Injection vulnerability in Connection that can result in Given a cookie value, Headers can be added. This attack appear to be exploitable via Crafting a value to be sent as a cookie. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in >= 1.3.5 or ~> 1.2.5 or ~> 1.1.9 or ~> 1.0.6.
CVE-2018-1000884||Vesta CP version Prior to commit f6f6f9cfbbf2979e301956d1c6ab5c44386822c0 -- any release prior to 0.9.8-18 contains a CWE-208 / Information Exposure Through Timing Discrepancy vulnerability in Password reset code -- web/reset/index.php, line 51 that can result in Possible to determine password reset codes, attacker is able to change administrator password. This attack appear to be exploitable via Unauthenticated network connectivity. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in After commit f6f6f9cfbbf2979e301956d1c6ab5c44386822c0 -- release version 0.9.8-19.
CVE-2018-1000885||PHKP version including commit 88fd9cfdf14ea4b6ac3e3967feea7bcaabb6f03b contains a Improper Neutralization of Special Elements used in a Command ('Command Injection') vulnerability in function pgp_exec() phkp.php:98 that can result in It is possible to manipulate gpg-keys or execute commands remotely. This attack appear to be exploitable via HKP-Api: /pks/lookup?search.
CVE-2018-1000886||nasm version 2.14.01rc5, 2.15 contains a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in asm/stdscan.c:130 that can result in Stack-overflow caused by triggering endless macro generation, crash the program. This attack appear to be exploitable via a crafted nasm input file.
CVE-2018-1000887||Peel shopping peel-shopping_9_1_0 version contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability that can result in an authenticated user injecting java script code in the "Site Name EN" parameter. This attack appears to be exploitable if the malicious user has access to the administration account.
CVE-2018-1000888||PEAR Archive_Tar version 1.4.3 and earlier contains a CWE-502, CWE-915 vulnerability in the Archive_Tar class. There are several file operations with `$v_header['filename']` as parameter (such as file_exists, is_file, is_dir, etc). When extract is called without a specific prefix path, we can trigger unserialization by crafting a tar file with `phar://[path_to_malicious_phar_file]` as path. Object injection can be used to trigger destruct in the loaded PHP classes, e.g. the Archive_Tar class itself. With Archive_Tar object injection, arbitrary file deletion can occur because `@unlink($this->_temp_tarname)` is called. If another class with useful gadget is loaded, it may possible to cause remote code execution that can result in files being deleted or possibly modified. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 1.4.4.
CVE-2018-1000889||Logisim Evolution version 2.14.3 and earlier contains an XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability in Circuit file loading functionality (loadXmlFrom in src/com/cburch/logisim/file/XmlReader.java) that can result in information leak, possible RCE depending on system configuration. This attack appears to be exploitable via the victim opening a specially crafted circuit file. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 2.14.4.
CVE-2018-1000890||FrontAccounting 2.4.5 contains a Time Based Blind SQL Injection vulnerability in the parameter "filterType" in /attachments.php that can allow the attacker to grab the entire database of the application.
CVE-2018-1000891||Bitcoin SV before 0.1.1 allows uncontrolled resource consumption when receiving messages with invalid checksums.
CVE-2018-1000892||Bitcoin SV before 0.1.1 allows uncontrolled resource consumption when receiving sendheaders messages.
CVE-2018-1000893||Bitcoin SV before 0.1.1 allows uncontrolled resource consumption when deserializing transactions.
CVE-2018-1000997||A path traversal vulnerability exists in the Stapler web framework used by Jenkins 2.145 and earlier, LTS 2.138.1 and earlier in core/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/stapler/Facet.java, groovy/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/stapler/jelly/groovy/GroovyFacet.java, jelly/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/stapler/jelly/JellyFacet.java, jruby/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/stapler/jelly/jruby/JRubyFacet.java, jsp/src/main/java/org/kohsuke/stapler/jsp/JSPFacet.java that allows attackers to render routable objects using any view in Jenkins, exposing internal information about those objects not intended to be viewed, such as their toString() representation.
CVE-2018-1000998||FreeBSD CVSweb version 2.x contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in all pages that can result in limited impact--CVSweb is anonymous & read-only. It might impact other sites on same domain. This attack appears to be exploitable via victim must load specially crafted url. This vulnerability appears to have been fixed in 3.x.
CVE-2018-1000999||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: [CVE-2018-20323]. Reason: This candidate is a duplicate of [CVE-2018-20323]. Notes: All CVE users should reference [CVE-2018-20323] instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2018-1001||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0988, CVE-2018-0996.
CVE-2018-10016||Netwide Assembler (NASM) 2.14rc0 has a division-by-zero vulnerability in the expr5 function in asm/eval.c via a malformed input file.
CVE-2018-10017||soundlib/Snd_fx.cpp in OpenMPT before 1.27.07.00 and libopenmpt before 0.3.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read) via an IT or MO3 file with many nested pattern loops.
CVE-2018-10018||The GDASPAMLib.AntiSpam ActiveX control ASK\GDASpam.dll in G DATA Total Security 25.4.0.3 has a buffer overflow via a long IsBlackListed argument.
CVE-2018-1002000||There is blind SQL injection in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and Newsletter v2.5.1.8 These vulnerabilities require administrative privileges to exploit. There is an exploitable blind SQL injection vulnerability via the del_ids variable by POST request.
CVE-2018-1002001||There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and News letter v2.5.1.8 This vulnerability requires administrative privileges to exploit.
CVE-2018-1002002||There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and News letter v2.5.1.8 This vulnerability requires administrative privileges to exploit.
CVE-2018-1002003||There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and News letter v2.5.1.8 This vulnerability requires administrative privileges to exploit.
CVE-2018-1002004||There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and News letter v2.5.1.8 This vulnerability requires administrative privileges to exploit.
CVE-2018-1002005||These vulnerabilities require administrative privileges to exploit. There is an XSS vulnerability in bft_list.html.php:43: via the filter_signup_date parameter.
CVE-2018-1002006||These vulnerabilities require administrative privileges to exploit. There is an XSS vulnerability in integration-contact-form.html.php:14: via POST request variable classes
CVE-2018-1002007||There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and News letter v2.5.1.8 This vulnerability requires administrative privileges to exploit. There is an XSS vulnerability in integration-contact-form.html.php:15: via POST request variable html_id.
CVE-2018-1002008||There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and News letter v2.5.1.8 This vulnerability requires administrative privileges to exploit. There is an XSS vulnerability in list-user.html.php:4: via GET request offset variable.
CVE-2018-1002009||There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in WordPress Arigato Autoresponder and News letter v2.5.1.8 This vulnerability requires administrative privileges to exploit. There is an XSS vulnerability in unsubscribe.html.php:3: via GET reuqest to the email variable.
CVE-2018-10021||** DISPUTED ** drivers/scsi/libsas/sas_scsi_host.c in the Linux kernel before 4.16 allows local users to cause a denial of service (ata qc leak) by triggering certain failure conditions. NOTE: a third party disputes the relevance of this report because the failure can only occur for physically proximate attackers who unplug SAS Host Bus Adapter cables.
CVE-2018-1002100||In Kubernetes versions 1.5.x, 1.6.x, 1.7.x, 1.8.x, and prior to version 1.9.6, the kubectl cp command insecurely handles tar data returned from the container, and can be caused to overwrite arbitrary local files.
CVE-2018-1002101||In Kubernetes versions 1.9.0-1.9.9, 1.10.0-1.10.5, and 1.11.0-1.11.1, user input was handled insecurely while setting up volume mounts on Windows nodes, which could lead to command line argument injection.
CVE-2018-1002102||Improper validation of URL redirection in the Kubernetes API server in versions prior to v1.14.0 allows an attacker-controlled Kubelet to redirect API server requests from streaming endpoints to arbitrary hosts. Impacted API servers will follow the redirect as a GET request with client-certificate credentials for authenticating to the Kubelet.
CVE-2018-1002103||In Minikube versions 0.3.0-0.29.0, minikube exposes the Kubernetes Dashboard listening on the VM IP at port 30000. In VM environments where the IP is easy to predict, the attacker can use DNS rebinding to indirectly make requests to the Kubernetes Dashboard, create a new Kubernetes Deployment running arbitrary code. If minikube mount is in use, the attacker could also directly access the host filesystem.
CVE-2018-1002104||Versions < 1.5 of the Kubernetes ingress default backend, which handles invalid ingress traffic, exposed prometheus metrics publicly.
CVE-2018-1002105||In all Kubernetes versions prior to v1.10.11, v1.11.5, and v1.12.3, incorrect handling of error responses to proxied upgrade requests in the kube-apiserver allowed specially crafted requests to establish a connection through the Kubernetes API server to backend servers, then send arbitrary requests over the same connection directly to the backend, authenticated with the Kubernetes API server's TLS credentials used to establish the backend connection.
CVE-2018-1002150||Koji version 1.12, 1.13, 1.14 and 1.15 contain an incorrect access control vulnerability resulting in arbitrary filesystem read/write access. This vulnerability has been fixed in versions 1.12.1, 1.13.1, 1.14.1 and 1.15.1.
CVE-2018-1002200||plexus-archiver before 3.6.0 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in an archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002201||zt-zip before 1.13 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002202||zip4j before 1.3.3 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002203||unzipper npm library before 0.8.13 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002204||adm-zip npm library before 0.4.9 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002205||DotNetZip.Semvered before 1.11.0 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002206||SharpCompress before 0.21.0 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002207||mholt/archiver golang package before e4ef56d48eb029648b0e895bb0b6a393ef0829c3 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in an archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002208||SharpZipLib before 1.0 RC1 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-1002209||QuaZIP before 0.7.6 is vulnerable to directory traversal, allowing attackers to write to arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in a Zip archive entry that is mishandled during extraction. This vulnerability is also known as 'Zip-Slip'.
CVE-2018-10023||Catfish CMS V4.7.21 allows XSS via the pinglun parameter to cat/index/index/pinglun (aka an authenticated comment).
CVE-2018-10024||ubiQuoss Switch VP5208A creates a bcm_password file at /cgi-bin/ with the user credentials in cleartext when a failed login attempt occurs. The file can be reached via an HTTP request. The credentials can be used to access the system via SSH (or TELNET if it is enabled).
CVE-2018-10026||The WeChat module in YzmCMS 3.7.1 has reflected XSS via the admin/module/init.html echostr parameter, related to the valid function in application/wechat/controller/index.class.php.
CVE-2018-10027||ESTsoft ALZip before 10.76 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via creating a malicious .DLL file and installing it in a specific directory: %PROGRAMFILES%\ESTsoft\ALZip\Formats, %PROGRAMFILES%\ESTsoft\ALZip\Coders, %PROGRAMFILES(X86)%\ESTsoft\ALZip\Formats, or %PROGRAMFILES(X86)%\ESTsoft\ALZip\Coders.
CVE-2018-10028||joyplus-cms 1.6.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a direct request to the install/ or log/ URI.
CVE-2018-10029||CMS Made Simple (aka CMSMS) 2.2.7 has Reflected XSS in admin/moduleinterface.php via the m1_name parameter, related to moduledepends, a different vulnerability than CVE-2017-16799.
CVE-2018-1003||A buffer overflow vulnerability exists in the Microsoft JET Database Engine that could allow remote code execution on an affected system, aka "Microsoft JET Database Engine Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10.
CVE-2018-10030||CMS Made Simple (aka CMSMS) 2.2.7 has CSRF in admin/siteprefs.php.
CVE-2018-10031||CMS Made Simple (aka CMSMS) 2.2.7 has CSRF in admin/moduleinterface.php.
CVE-2018-10032||CMS Made Simple (aka CMSMS) 2.2.7 has Reflected XSS in admin/moduleinterface.php via the m1_version parameter.
CVE-2018-10033||CMS Made Simple (aka CMSMS) 2.2.7 has Stored XSS in admin/siteprefs.php via the metadata parameter.
CVE-2018-1004||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the VBScript engine handles objects in memory, aka "Windows VBScript Engine Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Internet Explorer 9, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10.
CVE-2018-10048||iScripts eSwap v2.4 has CSRF via "registration_settings.php" in the Admin Panel.
CVE-2018-10049||iScripts eSwap v2.4 has XSS via the "registration_settings.php" txtDate parameter in the Admin Panel.
CVE-2018-1005||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when Microsoft SharePoint Server does not properly sanitize a specially crafted web request to an affected SharePoint server, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft SharePoint. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1014, CVE-2018-1032, CVE-2018-1034.
CVE-2018-10050||iScripts eSwap v2.4 has SQL injection via the "registration_settings.php" ddlFree parameter in the Admin Panel.
CVE-2018-10051||iScripts SupportDesk v4.3 has XSS via the staff/inteligentsearchresult.php txtinteligentsearch parameter.
CVE-2018-10052||iScripts SupportDesk v4.3 has XSS via the admin/inteligentsearchresult.php txtinteligentsearch parameter.
CVE-2018-10054||H2 1.4.197, as used in Datomic before 0.9.5697 and other products, allows remote code execution because CREATE ALIAS can execute arbitrary Java code.
CVE-2018-10055||Invalid memory access and/or a heap buffer overflow in the TensorFlow XLA compiler in Google TensorFlow before 1.7.1 could cause a crash or read from other parts of process memory via a crafted configuration file.
CVE-2018-10057||The remote management interface of cgminer 4.10.0 and bfgminer 5.5.0 allows an authenticated remote attacker to write the miner configuration file to arbitrary locations on the server due to missing basedir restrictions (absolute directory traversal).
CVE-2018-10058||The remote management interface of cgminer 4.10.0 and bfgminer 5.5.0 allows an authenticated remote attacker to execute arbitrary code due to a stack-based buffer overflow in the addpool, failover-only, poolquota, and save command handlers.
CVE-2018-10059||Cacti before 1.1.37 has XSS because the get_current_page function in lib/functions.php relies on $_SERVER['PHP_SELF'] instead of $_SERVER['SCRIPT_NAME'] to determine a page name.
CVE-2018-10060||Cacti before 1.1.37 has XSS because it does not properly reject unintended characters, related to use of the sanitize_uri function in lib/functions.php.
CVE-2018-10061||Cacti before 1.1.37 has XSS because it makes certain htmlspecialchars calls without the ENT_QUOTES flag (these calls occur when the html_escape function in lib/html.php is not used).
CVE-2018-10063||The Convert Forms extension before 2.0.4 for Joomla! is vulnerable to Remote Command Execution using CSV Injection that is mishandled when exporting a Leads file.
CVE-2018-10066||An issue was discovered in MikroTik RouterOS 6.41.4. Missing OpenVPN server certificate verification allows a remote unauthenticated attacker capable of intercepting client traffic to act as a malicious OpenVPN server. This may allow the attacker to gain access to the client's internal network (for example, at site-to-site tunnels).
CVE-2018-10068||The jDownloads extension before 3.2.59 for Joomla! has XSS.
CVE-2018-1007||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Microsoft Office improperly discloses the contents of its memory, aka "Microsoft Office Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Office. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0950.
CVE-2018-10070||A vulnerability in MikroTik Version 6.41.4 could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to exhaust all available CPU and all available RAM by sending a crafted FTP request on port 21 that begins with many '\0' characters, preventing the affected router from accepting new FTP connections. The router will reboot after 10 minutes, logging a "router was rebooted without proper shutdown" message.
CVE-2018-10071||windrvr1260.sys in Jungo DriverWizard WinDriver 12.6.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (BSOD) via a 0x953826DB DeviceIoControl call.
CVE-2018-10072||windrvr1260.sys in Jungo DriverWizard WinDriver 12.6.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (BSOD) via a 0x953827bf DeviceIoControl call.
CVE-2018-10073||joyplus-cms 1.6.0 has XSS in manager/admin_vod.php via the keyword parameter.
CVE-2018-10074||The hi3660_stub_clk_probe function in drivers/clk/hisilicon/clk-hi3660-stub.c in the Linux kernel before 4.16 allows local users to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference) by triggering a failure of resource retrieval.
CVE-2018-10075||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Zoho ManageEngine EventLog Analyzer 11.12 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the import logs feature.
CVE-2018-10076||An issue was discovered in Zoho ManageEngine EventLog Analyzer 11.12. A Cross-Site Scripting vulnerability allows a remote attacker to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search functionality (the search box of the Dashboard).
CVE-2018-10077||XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability in Geist WatchDog Console 3.2.2 allows remote authenticated administrators to read arbitrary files via crafted XML data.
CVE-2018-10078||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Geist WatchDog Console 3.2.2 allows remote authenticated administrators to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a server description.
CVE-2018-10079||Geist WatchDog Console 3.2.2 uses a weak ACL for the C:\ProgramData\WatchDog Console directory, which allows local users to modify configuration data by updating (1) config.xml or (2) servers.xml.
CVE-2018-1008||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in Windows Adobe Type Manager Font Driver (ATMFD.dll) when it fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka "OpenType Font Driver Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-10080||Secutech RiS-11, RiS-22, and RiS-33 devices with firmware V5.07.52_es_FRI01 allow DNS settings changes via a goform/AdvSetDns?GO=wan_dns.asp request in conjunction with a crafted admin cookie.
CVE-2018-10081||CMS Made Simple (CMSMS) through 2.2.6 contains an admin password reset vulnerability because data values are improperly compared, as demonstrated by a hash beginning with the "0e" substring.
CVE-2018-10082||CMS Made Simple (CMSMS) through 2.2.7 allows physical path leakage via an invalid /index.php?page= value, a crafted URI starting with /index.php?mact=Search, or a direct request to /admin/header.php, /admin/footer.php, /lib/tasks/class.ClearCache.task.php, or /lib/tasks/class.CmsSecurityCheck.task.php.
CVE-2018-10083||CMS Made Simple (CMSMS) through 2.2.7 contains an arbitrary file deletion vulnerability in the admin dashboard via directory traversal sequences in the val parameter within a cmd=del request, because code under modules\FilePicker does not restrict the val parameter.
CVE-2018-10084||CMS Made Simple (CMSMS) through 2.2.6 contains a privilege escalation vulnerability from ordinary user to admin user by arranging for the eff_uid value within $_COOKIE[$this->_loginkey] to equal 1, because an SHA-1 cryptographic protection mechanism can be bypassed.
CVE-2018-10085||CMS Made Simple (CMSMS) through 2.2.6 allows PHP object injection because of an unserialize call in the _get_data function of \lib\classes\internal\class.LoginOperations.php. By sending a crafted cookie, a remote attacker can upload and execute code, or delete files.
CVE-2018-10086||CMS Made Simple (CMSMS) through 2.2.7 contains an arbitrary code execution vulnerability in the admin dashboard because the implementation uses "eval('function testfunction'.rand()" and it is possible to bypass certain restrictions on these "testfunction" functions.
CVE-2018-10087||The kernel_wait4 function in kernel/exit.c in the Linux kernel before 4.13, when an unspecified architecture and compiler is used, might allow local users to cause a denial of service by triggering an attempted use of the -INT_MIN value.
CVE-2018-10088||Buffer overflow in XiongMai uc-httpd 1.0.0 has unspecified impact and attack vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2017-16725.
CVE-2018-1009||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when Windows improperly handles objects in memory and incorrectly maps kernel memory, aka "Microsoft DirectX Graphics Kernel Subsystem Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2016, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-10091||AudioCodes IP phone 420HD devices using firmware version 2.2.12.126 allow XSS.
CVE-2018-10092||The admin panel in Dolibarr before 7.0.2 might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by leveraging support for updating the antivirus command and parameters used to scan file uploads.
CVE-2018-10093||AudioCodes IP phone 420HD devices using firmware version 2.2.12.126 allow Remote Code Execution.
CVE-2018-10094||SQL injection vulnerability in Dolibarr before 7.0.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via vectors involving integer parameters without quotes.
CVE-2018-10095||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Dolibarr before 7.0.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the foruserlogin parameter to adherents/cartes/carte.php.
CVE-2018-10096||joyplus-cms 1.6.0 has XSS via the device_name parameter in a manager/admin_ajax.php?action=save flag=add request.
CVE-2018-10097||XSS exists in Domain Trader 2.5.3 via the recoverlogin.php email_address parameter.
CVE-2018-10098||In MicroWorld eScan Internet Security Suite (ISS) for Business 14.0.1400.2029, the driver econceal.sys allows a non-privileged user to send a 0x830020E0 IOCTL request to \\.\econceal to cause a denial of service (BSOD).
CVE-2018-10099||Google Monorail before 2018-04-04 has a Cross-Site Search (XS-Search) vulnerability because CSV downloads are affected by CSRF, and calculations of download times (for requests with duplicated columns) can be used to obtain sensitive information about the content of bug reports.
CVE-2018-1010||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Windows font library improperly handles specially crafted embedded fonts, aka "Microsoft Graphics Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1012, CVE-2018-1013, CVE-2018-1015, CVE-2018-1016.
CVE-2018-10100||Before WordPress 4.9.5, the redirection URL for the login page was not validated or sanitized if forced to use HTTPS.
CVE-2018-10101||Before WordPress 4.9.5, the URL validator assumed URLs with the hostname localhost were on the same host as the WordPress server.
CVE-2018-10102||Before WordPress 4.9.5, the version string was not escaped in the get_the_generator function, and could lead to XSS in a generator tag.
CVE-2018-10103||tcpdump before 4.9.3 mishandles the printing of SMB data (issue 1 of 2).
CVE-2018-10105||tcpdump before 4.9.3 mishandles the printing of SMB data (issue 2 of 2).
CVE-2018-10106||D-Link DIR-815 REV. B (with firmware through DIR-815_REVB_FIRMWARE_PATCH_2.07.B01) devices have permission bypass and information disclosure in /htdocs/web/getcfg.php, as demonstrated by a /getcfg.php?a=%0a_POST_SERVICES%3DDEVICE.ACCOUNT%0aAUTHORIZED_GROUP%3D1 request.
CVE-2018-10107||D-Link DIR-815 REV. B (with firmware through DIR-815_REVB_FIRMWARE_PATCH_2.07.B01) devices have XSS in the RESULT parameter to /htdocs/webinc/js/info.php.
CVE-2018-10108||D-Link DIR-815 REV. B (with firmware through DIR-815_REVB_FIRMWARE_PATCH_2.07.B01) devices have XSS in the Treturn parameter to /htdocs/webinc/js/bsc_sms_inbox.php.
CVE-2018-10109||Monstra CMS 3.0.4 has a stored XSS vulnerability when an attacker has access to the editor role, and enters the payload in the content section of a new page in the blog catalog.
CVE-2018-1011||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Excel software when the software fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Excel Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Excel. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0920, CVE-2018-1027, CVE-2018-1029.
CVE-2018-10110||D-Link DIR-615 T1 devices allow XSS via the Add User feature.
CVE-2018-10111||An issue was discovered in GEGL through 0.3.32. The render_rectangle function in process/gegl-processor.c has unbounded memory allocation, leading to a denial of service (application crash) upon allocation failure.
CVE-2018-10112||An issue was discovered in GEGL through 0.3.32. The gegl_tile_backend_swap_constructed function in buffer/gegl-tile-backend-swap.c allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (write access violation) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a malformed PNG file that is mishandled during a call to the babl_format_get_bytes_per_pixel function in babl-format.c in babl 0.1.46.
CVE-2018-10113||An issue was discovered in GEGL through 0.3.32. The process function in operations/external/ppm-load.c has unbounded memory allocation, leading to a denial of service (application crash) upon allocation failure.
CVE-2018-10114||An issue was discovered in GEGL through 0.3.32. The gegl_buffer_iterate_read_simple function in buffer/gegl-buffer-access.c allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (write access violation) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a malformed PPM file, related to improper restrictions on memory allocation in the ppm_load_read_header function in operations/external/ppm-load.c.
CVE-2018-10115||Incorrect initialization logic of RAR decoder objects in 7-Zip 18.03 and before can lead to usage of uninitialized memory, allowing remote attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) or execute arbitrary code via a crafted RAR archive.
CVE-2018-10117||An issue was discovered in idreamsoft iCMS V7.0.7. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can add an admin account via admincp.php?app=members&do=save&frame=iPHP.
CVE-2018-10118||Monstra CMS 3.0.4 has Stored XSS via the Name field on the Create New Page screen under the admin/index.php?id=pages URI, related to plugins/box/pages/pages.admin.php.
CVE-2018-10119||sot/source/sdstor/stgstrms.cxx in LibreOffice before 5.4.5.1 and 6.x before 6.0.1.1 uses an incorrect integer data type in the StgSmallStrm class, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free with write access) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted document that uses the structured storage ole2 wrapper file format.
CVE-2018-1012||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Windows font library improperly handles specially crafted embedded fonts, aka "Microsoft Graphics Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1010, CVE-2018-1013, CVE-2018-1015, CVE-2018-1016.
CVE-2018-10120||The SwCTBWrapper::Read function in sw/source/filter/ww8/ww8toolbar.cxx in LibreOffice before 5.4.6.1 and 6.x before 6.0.2.1 does not validate a customizations index, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (heap-based buffer overflow with write access) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted document that contains a certain Microsoft Word record.
CVE-2018-10121||plugins/box/pages/pages.admin.php in Monstra CMS 3.0.4 has a stored XSS vulnerability when an attacker has access to the editor role, and enters the payload in the title section of an admin/index.php?id=pages&action=edit_page&name=error404 (aka Edit 404 page) action.
CVE-2018-10122||QingDao Nature Easy Soft Chanzhi Enterprise Portal System (aka chanzhieps) pro1.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences in the pathname parameter to www/file.php.
CVE-2018-10123||p910nd on Inteno IOPSYS 2.0 through 4.2.0 allows remote attackers to read, or append data to, arbitrary files via requests on TCP port 9100.
CVE-2018-10124||The kill_something_info function in kernel/signal.c in the Linux kernel before 4.13, when an unspecified architecture and compiler is used, might allow local users to cause a denial of service via an INT_MIN argument.
CVE-2018-10125||Contao before 4.5.7 has XSS in the system log.
CVE-2018-10126||LibTIFF 4.0.9 has a NULL pointer dereference in the jpeg_fdct_16x16 function in jfdctint.c.
CVE-2018-10127||An issue was discovered in XYHCMS 3.5. It has CSRF via an index.php?g=Manage&m=Rbac&a=addUser request, resulting in addition of an account with the administrator role.
CVE-2018-10128||An issue was discovered in XYHCMS 3.5. It has XSS via the test parameter to index.php.
CVE-2018-1013||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Windows font library improperly handles specially crafted embedded fonts, aka "Microsoft Graphics Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1010, CVE-2018-1012, CVE-2018-1015, CVE-2018-1016.
CVE-2018-10132||PbootCMS v0.9.8 has CSRF via an admin.php/Message/mod/id/19.html?backurl=/index.php request, resulting in PHP code injection in the recontent parameter.
CVE-2018-10133||PbootCMS v0.9.8 allows PHP code injection via an IF label in index.php/About/6.html or admin.php/Site/index.html, related to the parserIfLabel function in \apps\home\controller\ParserController.php.
CVE-2018-10135||iScripts eSwap v2.4 has Reflected XSS via the "catwiseproducts.php" catid parameter in the User Panel.
CVE-2018-10136||iScripts UberforX 2.2 has Stored XSS in the "manage_settings" section of the Admin Panel via a value field to the /cms?section=manage_settings&action=edit URI.
CVE-2018-10137||iScripts UberforX 2.2 has CSRF in the "manage_settings" section of the Admin Panel via the /cms?section=manage_settings&action=edit URI.
CVE-2018-10138||The CATALooK.netStore module through 7.2.8 for DNN (formerly DotNetNuke) allows XSS via the /ViewEditGoogleMaps.aspx PortalID or CATSkin parameter, or the /ImageViewer.aspx link or desc parameter.
CVE-2018-10139||The PAN-OS response for GlobalProtect Gateway in Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS 6.1.21 and earlier, PAN-OS 7.1.18 and earlier, PAN-OS 8.0.11 and earlier may allow an unauthenticated attacker to inject arbitrary JavaScript or HTML. PAN-OS 8.1 is NOT affected.
CVE-2018-1014||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when Microsoft SharePoint Server does not properly sanitize a specially crafted web request to an affected SharePoint server, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft SharePoint. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1005, CVE-2018-1032, CVE-2018-1034.
CVE-2018-10140||The PAN-OS Management Web Interface in Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS 8.1.2 and earlier may allow an authenticated user to shut down all management sessions, resulting in all logged in users to be redirected to the login page. PAN-OS 6.1, PAN-OS 7.1 and PAN-OS 8.0 are NOT affected.
CVE-2018-10141||GlobalProtect Portal Login page in Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS before 8.1.4 allows an unauthenticated attacker to inject arbitrary JavaScript or HTML.
CVE-2018-10142||The Expedition Migration tool 1.0.106 and earlier may allow an unauthenticated attacker to enumerate files on the operating system.
CVE-2018-10143||The Palo Alto Networks Expedition Migration tool 1.0.107 and earlier may allow an unauthenticated attacker with remote access to run system level commands on the device hosting this service/application.
CVE-2018-10144||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10145||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10146||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10147||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10148||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10149||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-1015||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Windows font library improperly handles specially crafted embedded fonts, aka "Microsoft Graphics Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1010, CVE-2018-1012, CVE-2018-1013, CVE-2018-1016.
CVE-2018-10150||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10151||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10152||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10153||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10154||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10155||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10156||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10157||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10158||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10159||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-1016||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Windows font library improperly handles specially crafted embedded fonts, aka "Microsoft Graphics Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1010, CVE-2018-1012, CVE-2018-1013, CVE-2018-1015.
CVE-2018-10160||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10161||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10162||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10163||** REJECT **  DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER.  ConsultIDs: none.  Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2018.  Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10164||Stored Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the TP-Link EAP Controller and Omada Controller versions 2.5.4_Windows/2.6.0_Windows allows authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the implementation of portalPictureUpload functionality. This is fixed in version 2.6.1_Windows.
CVE-2018-10165||Stored Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the TP-Link EAP Controller and Omada Controller versions 2.5.4_Windows/2.6.0_Windows allows authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the userName parameter in the local user creation functionality. This is fixed in version 2.6.1_Windows.
CVE-2018-10166||The web management interface in the TP-Link EAP Controller and Omada Controller versions 2.5.4_Windows/2.6.0_Windows does not have Anti-CSRF tokens in any forms. This would allow an attacker to submit authenticated requests when an authenticated user browses an attack-controlled domain. This is fixed in version 2.6.1_Windows.
CVE-2018-10167||The web application backup file in the TP-Link EAP Controller and Omada Controller versions 2.5.4_Windows/2.6.0_Windows is encrypted with a hard-coded cryptographic key, so anyone who knows that key and the algorithm can decrypt it. A low-privilege user could decrypt and modify the backup file in order to elevate their privileges. This is fixed in version 2.6.1_Windows.
CVE-2018-10168||TP-Link EAP Controller and Omada Controller versions 2.5.4_Windows/2.6.0_Windows do not control privileges for usage of the Web API, allowing a low-privilege user to make any request as an Administrator. This is fixed in version 2.6.1_Windows.
CVE-2018-10169||ProtonVPN 1.3.3 for Windows suffers from a SYSTEM privilege escalation vulnerability through the "ProtonVPN Service" service. This service establishes an NetNamedPipe endpoint that allows arbitrary installed applications to connect and call publicly exposed methods. The "Connect" method accepts a class instance argument that provides attacker control of the OpenVPN command line. An attacker can specify a dynamic library plugin that should run for every new VPN connection. This plugin will execute code in the context of the SYSTEM user.
CVE-2018-10170||NordVPN 6.12.7.0 for Windows suffers from a SYSTEM privilege escalation vulnerability through the "nordvpn-service" service. This service establishes an NetNamedPipe endpoint that allows arbitrary installed applications to connect and call publicly exposed methods. The "Connect" method accepts a class instance argument that provides attacker control of the OpenVPN command line. An attacker can specify a dynamic library plugin that should run for every new VPN connection attempt. This plugin will execute code in the context of the SYSTEM user.
CVE-2018-10171||Kromtech MacKeeper 3.20.4 suffers from a root privilege escalation vulnerability through its `com.mackeeper.AdwareAnalyzer.AdwareAnalyzerPrivilegedHelper` component. The AdwareAnalzyerPrivilegedHelper tool implements an XPC service that allows an unprivileged application to connect and execute shell scripts as the root user.
CVE-2018-10172||7-Zip through 18.01 on Windows implements the "Large memory pages" option by calling the LsaAddAccountRights function to add the SeLockMemoryPrivilege privilege to the user's account, which makes it easier for attackers to bypass intended access restrictions by using this privilege in the context of a sandboxed process.
CVE-2018-10173||Digital Guardian Management Console 7.1.2.0015 allows authenticated remote code execution because of Arbitrary File Upload functionality.
CVE-2018-10174||Digital Guardian Management Console 7.1.2.0015 has an SSRF issue that allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via file:// URLs, send TCP traffic to intranet hosts, or obtain an NTLM hash. This can occur even if the logged-in user has a read-only role.
CVE-2018-10175||Digital Guardian Management Console 7.1.2.0015 has an XXE issue.
CVE-2018-10176||Digital Guardian Management Console 7.1.2.0015 has a Directory Traversal issue.
CVE-2018-10177||In ImageMagick 7.0.7-28, there is an infinite loop in the ReadOneMNGImage function of the coders/png.c file. Remote attackers could leverage this vulnerability to cause a denial of service via a crafted mng file.
CVE-2018-10178||The FromDocToPDF extension before 13.611.13.2303 for Chrome allows remote attackers to discover visited web sites via vectors involving a mostVisitedSites command.
CVE-2018-1018||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Internet Explorer improperly accesses objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 11. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0870, CVE-2018-0991, CVE-2018-0997, CVE-2018-1020.
CVE-2018-10183||An issue was discovered in BigTree 4.2.22. There is cross-site scripting (XSS) in /core/inc/lib/less.php/test/index.php because of a $_SERVER['REQUEST_URI'] echo, as demonstrated by the dir parameter in a file=charsets action.
CVE-2018-10184||An issue was discovered in HAProxy before 1.8.8. The incoming H2 frame length was checked against the max_frame_size setting instead of being checked against the bufsize. The max_frame_size only applies to outgoing traffic and not to incoming, so if a large enough frame size is advertised in the SETTINGS frame, a wrapped frame will be defragmented into a temporary allocated buffer where the second fragment may overflow the heap by up to 16 kB. It is very unlikely that this can be exploited for code execution given that buffers are very short lived and their addresses not realistically predictable in production, but the likelihood of an immediate crash is absolutely certain.
CVE-2018-10185||An issue was discovered in TuziCMS v2.0.6. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can add an admin account, as demonstrated by a history.pushState call.
CVE-2018-10186||In radare2 2.5.0, there is a heap-based buffer over-read in the r_hex_bin2str function (libr/util/hex.c). Remote attackers could leverage this vulnerability to cause a denial of service via a crafted DEX file. This issue is different from CVE-2017-15368.
CVE-2018-10187||In radare2 2.5.0, there is a heap-based buffer over-read in the dalvik_op function (libr/anal/p/anal_dalvik.c). Remote attackers could leverage this vulnerability to cause a denial of service via a crafted DEX file. Note that this issue is different from CVE-2018-8809, which was patched earlier.
CVE-2018-10188||phpMyAdmin 4.8.0 before 4.8.0-1 has CSRF, allowing an attacker to execute arbitrary SQL statements, related to js/db_operations.js, js/tbl_operations.js, libraries/classes/Operations.php, and sql.php.
CVE-2018-10189||An issue was discovered in Mautic 1.x and 2.x before 2.13.0. It is possible to systematically emulate tracking cookies per contact due to tracking the contact by their auto-incremented ID. Thus, a third party can manipulate the cookie value with +1 to systematically assume being tracked as each contact in Mautic. It is then possible to retrieve information about the contact through forms that have progressive profiling enabled.
CVE-2018-1019||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the Chakra scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft Edge, aka "Chakra Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0979, CVE-2018-0980, CVE-2018-0990, CVE-2018-0993, CVE-2018-0994, CVE-2018-0995.
CVE-2018-10190||A vulnerability in London Trust Media Private Internet Access (PIA) VPN Client v77 for Windows could allow an unauthenticated, local attacker to run executable files with elevated privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient implementation of access controls. The "Changelog" and "Help" options available from the system tray context menu spawn an elevated instance of the user's default web browser. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by selecting "Run as Administrator" from the context menu of an executable file within the file browser of the spawned default web browser. This may allow the attacker to execute privileged commands on the targeted system.
CVE-2018-10191||In versions of mruby up to and including 1.4.0, an integer overflow exists in src/vm.c::mrb_vm_exec() when handling OP_GETUPVAR in the presence of deep scope nesting, resulting in a use-after-free. An attacker that can cause Ruby code to be run can use this to possibly execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2018-10192||IPVanish 3.0.11 for macOS suffers from a root privilege escalation vulnerability. The `com.ipvanish.osx.vpnhelper` LaunchDaemon implements an insecure XPC service that could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user. IPVanish uses a third-party library for converting `xpc_object_t` types in to `NSObject` types for sending XPC messages. When IPVanish establishes a new connection, the following XPC message is sent to the `com.ipvanish.osx.vpnhelper` LaunchDaemon. Because the XPC service itself does not validate an incoming connection, any application installed on the operating system can send it XPC messages. In the case of the "connect" message, an attacker could manipulate the `OpenVPNPath` to point at a malicious binary on the system. The `com.ipvanish.osx.vpnhelper` would receive the VPNHelperConnect command, and then execute the malicious binary as the root user.
CVE-2018-10193||LogMeIn LastPass through 4.15.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (browser hang) via an HTML document because the resource consumption of onloadwff.js grows with the number of INPUT elements.
CVE-2018-10194||The set_text_distance function in devices/vector/gdevpdts.c in the pdfwrite component in Artifex Ghostscript through 9.22 does not prevent overflows in text-positioning calculation, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted PDF document.
CVE-2018-10195||lrzsz before version 0.12.21~rc can leak information to the receiving side due to an incorrect length check in the function zsdata that causes a size_t to wrap around.
CVE-2018-10196||NULL pointer dereference vulnerability in the rebuild_vlists function in lib/dotgen/conc.c in the dotgen library in Graphviz 2.40.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a crafted file.
CVE-2018-10197||There is a time-based blind SQL injection vulnerability in the Access Manager component before 9.18.040 and 10.x before 10.18.040 in ELO ELOenterprise 9 and 10 and ELOprofessional 9 and 10 that makes it possible to read all database content. The vulnerability exists in the ticket HTTP GET parameter. For example, one can succeed in reading the password hash of the administrator user in the "userdata" table from the "eloam" database.
CVE-2018-10198||An issue was discovered in OTRS 6.0.x before 6.0.7. An attacker who is logged into OTRS as a customer can use the ticket overview screen to disclose internal article information of their customer tickets.
CVE-2018-10199||In versions of mruby up to and including 1.4.0, a use-after-free vulnerability exists in src/io.c::File#initilialize_copy(). An attacker that can cause Ruby code to be run can possibly use this to execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2018-1020||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when Internet Explorer improperly accesses objects in memory, aka "Internet Explorer Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 9, Internet Explorer 11, Internet Explorer 10. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0870, CVE-2018-0991, CVE-2018-0997, CVE-2018-1018.
CVE-2018-10201||An issue was discovered in NcMonitorServer.exe in NC Monitor Server in NComputing vSpace Pro 10 and 11. It is possible to read arbitrary files outside the root directory of the web server. This vulnerability could be exploited remotely by a crafted URL without credentials, with .../ or ...\ or ..../ or ....\ as a directory-traversal pattern to TCP port 8667.
CVE-2018-10204||PureVPN 6.0.1 for Windows suffers from a SYSTEM privilege escalation vulnerability in its "sevpnclient" service. When configured to use the OpenVPN protocol, the "sevpnclient" service executes "openvpn.exe" using the OpenVPN config file located at %PROGRAMDATA%\purevpn\config\config.ovpn. This file allows "Write" permissions to users in the "Everyone" group. An authenticated attacker may modify this file to specify a dynamic library plugin that should run for every new VPN connection attempt. This plugin will execute code in the context of the SYSTEM account.
CVE-2018-10205||hyperstart 1.0.0 in HyperHQ Hyper has memory leaks in the container_setup_modules and hyper_rescan_scsi functions in container.c, related to runV 1.0.0 for Docker.
CVE-2018-10206||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. There is Stored XSS via the optional message field of a file request.
CVE-2018-10207||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. An attacker can exploit Missing Authorization on the FlexPaperViewer SWF reader, and export files that should have been restricted, via vectors involving page-by-page access to a document in SWF format.
CVE-2018-10208||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. There is anonymous reflected XSS on the error page via a /share/error?message= URI.
CVE-2018-10209||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. There is Stored XSS on the file or folder download pop-up via a crafted file or folder name.
CVE-2018-1021||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Microsoft Edge improperly handles objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Edge Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-8123.
CVE-2018-10210||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. Enumeration of users is possible through the password-reset feature.
CVE-2018-10211||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. There is improper authorization when listing the history of another user via a modified "vaultize_session_id" value in a cookie.
CVE-2018-10212||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. There is improper authorization leading to creation of folders within another account via a modified device value.
CVE-2018-10213||An issue was discovered in Vaultize Enterprise File Sharing 17.05.31. There is XSS in invitation mail received from a different user, who can modify the HTML in that mail before sending it.
CVE-2018-10219||baijiacms V3 has physical path leakage via an index.php?mod=mobile&name=member&do=index request.
CVE-2018-1022||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Microsoft browsers, aka "Scripting Engine Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects ChakraCore, Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0945, CVE-2018-0946, CVE-2018-0951, CVE-2018-0953, CVE-2018-0954, CVE-2018-0955, CVE-2018-8114, CVE-2018-8122, CVE-2018-8128, CVE-2018-8137, CVE-2018-8139.
CVE-2018-10220||** DISPUTED ** Glastopf 3.1.3-dev has SSRF, as demonstrated by the abc.php a parameter. NOTE: the vendor indicates that this is intentional behavior because the product is a web application honeypot, and modules/handlers/emulators/rfi.py supports Remote File Inclusion emulation.
CVE-2018-10221||An issue was discovered in WUZHI CMS V4.1.0. There is a persistent XSS vulnerability that can steal the administrator cookies via the tag[tag] parameter to the index.php?m=tags&f=index&v=add&&_su=wuzhicms URI. After a website editor (whose privilege is lower than the administrator) logs in, he can add a new TAGS with the XSS payload.
CVE-2018-10222||An issue was discovered in idreamsoft iCMS V7.0. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can add a Column via /admincp.php?app=article_category&do=save&frame=iPHP.
CVE-2018-10223||An issue was discovered in YzmCMS 3.8. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can add an admin account via /index.php/admin/admin_manage/add.html.
CVE-2018-10224||An issue was discovered in YzmCMS 3.8. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can add a tag via /index.php/admin/tag/add.html.
CVE-2018-10225||thinkphp 3.1.3 has SQL Injection via the index.php s parameter.
CVE-2018-10227||MiniCMS v1.10 has XSS via the mc-admin/conf.php site_link parameter.
CVE-2018-10228||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in /application/controller/admin/theme.php in LimeSurvey 3.6.2+180406 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the changes_cp parameter to the index.php/admin/themes/sa/templatesavechanges URI.
CVE-2018-10229||A hardware vulnerability in GPU memory modules allows attackers to accelerate micro-architectural attacks through the use of the JavaScript WebGL API.
CVE-2018-1023||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that Microsoft browsers access objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Browser Memory Corruption Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Edge, ChakraCore.
CVE-2018-10230||Zend Debugger in Zend Server before 9.1.3 has XSS, aka ZSR-2455.
CVE-2018-10231||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in TOPdesk before 8.05.017 (June 2018 version) and before 5.7.SR9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified parameters.
CVE-2018-10232||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in TOPdesk before 8.05.017 (June 2018 version) and before 5.7.SR9 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of authenticated users for requests that can obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2018-10233||The User Profile & Membership plugin before 2.0.7 for WordPress has no mitigations implemented against cross site request forgery attacks. This is a structural finding throughout the entire plugin.
CVE-2018-10234||Authenticated Cross site Scripting exists in the User Profile & Membership plugin before 2.0.11 for WordPress via the "Account Deletion Custom Text" input field on the wp-admin/admin.php?page=um_options&section=account page.
CVE-2018-10235||POSCMS 3.2.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the diy\module\member\controllers\admin\Setting.php 'index' function because an attacker can control the value of $cache['setting']['ucssocfg'] in diy\module\member\models\Member_model.php and write this code into the api/ucsso/config.php file.
CVE-2018-10236||POSCMS 3.2.18 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the diy\dayrui\controllers\admin\Syscontroller.php 'add' function because an attacker can control the value of $data['name'] with no restrictions, and this value is written to the FCPATH.$file file.
CVE-2018-10237||Unbounded memory allocation in Google Guava 11.0 through 24.x before 24.1.1 allows remote attackers to conduct denial of service attacks against servers that depend on this library and deserialize attacker-provided data, because the AtomicDoubleArray class (when serialized with Java serialization) and the CompoundOrdering class (when serialized with GWT serialization) perform eager allocation without appropriate checks on what a client has sent and whether the data size is reasonable.
CVE-2018-10238||bvlc.c in skarg BACnet Protocol Stack bacserv 0.9.1 and 0.8.5 is affected by a Buffer Overflow because of a lack of packet-size validation. The affected component is bacserv BACnet/IP BVLC forwarded NPDU. The function bvlc_bdt_forward_npdu() calls bvlc_encode_forwarded_npdu() which copies the content from the request into a local in the bvlc_bdt_forward_npdu() stack frame and clobbers the canary. The attack vector is: A BACnet/IP device with BBMD enabled based on this library connected to IP network. The fixed version is: 0.8.6.
CVE-2018-10239||A privilege escalation vulnerability in the "support access" feature on Infoblox NIOS 6.8 through 8.4.1 could allow a locally authenticated administrator to temporarily gain additional privileges on an affected device and perform actions within the super user scope. The vulnerability is due to a weakness in the "support access" password generation algorithm. A locally authenticated administrative user may be able to exploit this vulnerability if the "support access" feature is enabled, they know the support access code for the current session, and they know the algorithm to generate the support access password from the support access code. "Support access" is disabled by default. When enabled, the access will be automatically disabled (and support access code will expire) after the 24 hours.
CVE-2018-10240||SolarWinds Serv-U MFT before 15.1.6 HFv1 assigns authenticated users a low-entropy session token that can be included in requests to the application as a URL parameter in lieu of a session cookie. This session token's value can be brute-forced by an attacker to obtain the corresponding session cookie and hijack the user's session.
CVE-2018-10241||A denial of service vulnerability in SolarWinds Serv-U before 15.1.6 HFv1 allows an authenticated user to crash the application (with a NULL pointer dereference) via a specially crafted URL beginning with the /Web%20Client/ substring.
CVE-2018-10242||Suricata version 4.0.4 incorrectly handles the parsing of the SSH banner. A malformed SSH banner can cause the parsing code to read beyond the allocated data because SSHParseBanner in app-layer-ssh.c lacks a length check.
CVE-2018-10243||htp_parse_authorization_digest in htp_parsers.c in LibHTP 0.5.26 allows remote attackers to cause a heap-based buffer over-read via an authorization digest header.
CVE-2018-10244||Suricata version 4.0.4 incorrectly handles the parsing of an EtherNet/IP PDU. A malformed PDU can cause the parsing code to read beyond the allocated data because DecodeENIPPDU in app-layer-enip-commmon.c has an integer overflow during a length check.
CVE-2018-10245||A Full Path Disclosure vulnerability in AWStats through 7.6 allows remote attackers to know where the config file is allocated, obtaining the full path of the server, a similar issue to CVE-2006-3682. The attack can, for example, use the awstats.pl framename and update parameters.
CVE-2018-10248||An issue was discovered in WUZHI CMS 4.1.0. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can delete any article via index.php?m=content&f=content&v=recycle_delete.
CVE-2018-10249||baijiacms V3 has CSRF via index.php?mod=site&op=edituser&name=manager&do=user to add an administrator account.
CVE-2018-1025||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when affected Microsoft browsers improperly handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Browser Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge.
CVE-2018-10250||iCMS V7.0.8 has XSS via the admincp.php keywords parameter in a weixin_category action, aka a WeChat Classified Management keyword search.
CVE-2018-10251||A vulnerability in Sierra Wireless AirLink GX400, GX440, ES440, and LS300 routers with firmware before 4.4.7 and GX450, ES450, RV50, RV50X, MP70, and MP70E routers with firmware before 4.9.3 could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to execute arbitrary code and gain full control of an affected system, including issuing commands with root privileges.
CVE-2018-10252||An issue was discovered on Actiontec WCB6200Q before 1.1.10.20a devices. The admin login session cookie is insecurely generated making admin session hijacking possible. When an admin logs in, a session cookie is generated using the time of day rounded to 10ms. Since the web server returns its current time of day in responses, it is possible to step backward through possible session values until a working one is found. Once a working session ID is found, an attacker then has admin control of the device and can add a secondary SSID to create a backdoor to the network.
CVE-2018-10253||Paessler PRTG Network Monitor before 18.1.39.1648 mishandles stack memory during unspecified API calls.
CVE-2018-10254||Netwide Assembler (NASM) 2.13 has a stack-based buffer over-read in the disasm function of the disasm/disasm.c file. Remote attackers could leverage this vulnerability to cause a denial of service or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted ELF file.
CVE-2018-10255||A CSV Injection vulnerability was discovered in clustercoding Blog Master Pro v1.0 that allows a user with low level privileges to inject a command that will be included in the exported CSV file, leading to possible code execution.
CVE-2018-10256||A SQL Injection vulnerability was discovered in HRSALE The Ultimate HRM v1.0.2 that allows a user with low level privileges to directly modify the SQL query.
CVE-2018-10257||A CSV Injection vulnerability was discovered in HRSALE The Ultimate HRM v1.0.2 that allows a user with low level privileges to inject a command that will be included in the exported CSV file, leading to possible code execution.
CVE-2018-10258||A CSV Injection vulnerability was discovered in Shopy Point of Sale v1.0 that allows a user with low level privileges to inject a command that will be included in the exported CSV file, leading to possible code execution.
CVE-2018-10259||An Authenticated Stored XSS vulnerability was found in HRSALE The Ultimate HRM v1.0.2, exploitable by a low privileged user.
CVE-2018-1026||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Office software when the software fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Office. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1030.
CVE-2018-10260||A Local File Inclusion vulnerability was found in HRSALE The Ultimate HRM v1.0.2, exploitable by a low privileged user.
CVE-2018-10265||An issue was discovered in HongCMS v3.0.0. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can add an administrator account via the admin/index.php/users/save URI.
CVE-2018-10266||BEESCMS 4.0 has a CSRF vulnerability to add an administrator account via the admin/admin_admin.php?nav=list_admin_user&admin_p_nav=user URI.
CVE-2018-10267||WTCMS 1.0 has a CSRF vulnerability to add an administrator account via the index.php?admin&m=user&a=add_post URI.
CVE-2018-10268||An issue was discovered in FastAdmin V1.0.0.20180417_beta. There is XSS via the application\api\controller\User.php avatar parameter.
CVE-2018-1027||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Excel software when the software fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Excel Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0920, CVE-2018-1011, CVE-2018-1029.
CVE-2018-1028||A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Office graphics component improperly handles specially crafted embedded fonts, aka "Microsoft Office Graphics Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Word, Microsoft Office, Microsoft SharePoint, Excel, Microsoft SharePoint Server.
CVE-2018-10283||CliqueMania loja virtual 14 has SQL Injection via the patch/remote.php id parameter in a recomendar action.
CVE-2018-10284||Adaltech G-Ticket v70 EME104 has SQL Injection via the mobile-loja/mensagem.asp eve_cod parameter.
CVE-2018-10285||The Ericsson-LG iPECS NMS A.1Ac web application uses incorrect access control mechanisms. Since the app does not use any sort of session ID, an attacker might bypass authentication.
CVE-2018-10286||The Ericsson-LG iPECS NMS A.1Ac web application discloses sensitive information such as the NMS admin credentials and the PostgreSQL database credentials to logged-in users via the responses to certain HTTP POST requests. In order to be able to see the credentials in cleartext, an attacker needs to be authenticated.
CVE-2018-10289||In MuPDF 1.13.0, there is an infinite loop in the fz_skip_space function of the pdf/pdf-xref.c file. A remote adversary could leverage this vulnerability to cause a denial of service via a crafted pdf file.
CVE-2018-1029||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Excel software when the software fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Excel Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Excel Viewer, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-0920, CVE-2018-1011, CVE-2018-1027.
CVE-2018-10294||Flexense DiskBoss Enterprise v7.4.28 to v9.1.16 has XSS.
CVE-2018-10295||ChemCMS v1.0.6 has CSRF by using public/admin/user/addpost.html to add an administrator account.
CVE-2018-10296||MiniCMS V1.10 has XSS via the mc-admin/post-edit.php title parameter.
CVE-2018-10297||Discuz! DiscuzX through X3.4 has stored XSS via the portal.php?mod=portalcp&ac=article URI, related to mishandling of IMG elements associated with remote images.
CVE-2018-10298||Discuz! DiscuzX through X3.4 has reflected XSS via forum.php?mod=post&action=newthread because data/template/1_diy_portal_view.tpl.php does not restrict the content.
CVE-2018-10299||An integer overflow in the batchTransfer function of a smart contract implementation for Beauty Ecosystem Coin (BEC), the Ethereum ERC20 token used in the Beauty Chain economic system, allows attackers to accomplish an unauthorized increase of digital assets by providing two _receivers arguments in conjunction with a large _value argument, as exploited in the wild in April 2018, aka the "batchOverflow" issue.
CVE-2018-1030||A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Office software when the software fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka "Microsoft Office Remote Code Execution Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Office. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1026.
CVE-2018-10300||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Web-Dorado Instagram Feed WD plugin before 1.3.1 for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML by passing payloads in an Instagram profile's bio.
CVE-2018-10301||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Web-Dorado Instagram Feed WD plugin before 1.3.1 Premium for WordPress allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML by passing payloads in a comment on an Instagram post.
CVE-2018-10302||A use-after-free in Foxit Reader before 9.1 and PhantomPDF before 9.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, aka iDefense ID V-jyb51g3mv9.
CVE-2018-10303||A use-after-free in Foxit Reader before 9.1 and PhantomPDF before 9.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, aka iDefense ID V-y0nqfutlf3.
CVE-2018-10305||The MessageSearch2 function in PersonalMessage.php in Simple Machines Forum (SMF) before 2.0.15 does not properly use the possible_users variable in a query, which might allow attackers to bypass intended access restrictions.
CVE-2018-10306||Services/Form/classes/class.ilDateDurationInputGUI.php and Services/Form/classes/class.ilDateTimeInputGUI.php in ILIAS 5.1.x through 5.3.x before 5.3.4 allow XSS via an invalid date.
CVE-2018-10307||error.php in ILIAS 5.2.x through 5.3.x before 5.3.4 allows XSS via the text of a PDO exception.
CVE-2018-10309||The Responsive Cookie Consent plugin before 1.8 for WordPress mishandles number fields, leading to XSS.
CVE-2018-10310||A persistent cross-site scripting vulnerability has been identified in the web interface of the Catapult UK Cookie Consent plugin before 2.3.10 for WordPress that allows the execution of arbitrary HTML/script code in the context of a victim's browser.
CVE-2018-10311||A vulnerability was discovered in WUZHI CMS 4.1.0. There is persistent XSS that allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the tag[pinyin] parameter to the /index.php?m=tags&f=index&v=add URI.
CVE-2018-10312||index.php?m=member&v=pw_reset in WUZHI CMS 4.1.0 allows CSRF to change the password of a common member.
CVE-2018-10313||WUZHI CMS 4.1.0 allows persistent XSS via the form%5Bqq_10%5D parameter to the /index.php?m=member&f=index&v=profile&set_iframe=1 URI.
CVE-2018-10314||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Open-AudIT Community 2.2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted name of a component, as demonstrated by the action parameter in the Discover -> Audit Scripts -> List Scripts -> Download section.
CVE-2018-10316||Netwide Assembler (NASM) 2.14rc0 has an endless while loop in the assemble_file function of asm/nasm.c because of a globallineno integer overflow.
CVE-2018-10318||Frog CMS 0.9.5 has XSS via the admin/?/page/edit page[keywords] parameter, aka Edit Page Metadata.
CVE-2018-10319||Frog CMS 0.9.5 has XSS via the admin/?/snippet/edit snippet[name] parameter, aka Edit Snippet.
CVE-2018-1032||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when Microsoft SharePoint Server does not properly sanitize a specially crafted web request to an affected SharePoint server, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft SharePoint Server, Microsoft SharePoint. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1005, CVE-2018-1014, CVE-2018-1034.
CVE-2018-10320||Frog CMS 0.9.5 has XSS via the admin/?/layout/edit layout[name] parameter, aka Edit Layout.
CVE-2018-10321||Frog CMS 0.9.5 has a stored Cross Site Scripting Vulnerability via "Admin Site title" in Settings.
CVE-2018-10322||The xfs_dinode_verify function in fs/xfs/libxfs/xfs_inode_buf.c in the Linux kernel through 4.16.3 allows local users to cause a denial of service (xfs_ilock_attr_map_shared invalid pointer dereference) via a crafted xfs image.
CVE-2018-10323||The xfs_bmap_extents_to_btree function in fs/xfs/libxfs/xfs_bmap.c in the Linux kernel through 4.16.3 allows local users to cause a denial of service (xfs_bmapi_write NULL pointer dereference) via a crafted xfs image.
CVE-2018-10326||PrinterOn Enterprise 4.1.3 suffers from multiple authenticated stored XSS vulnerabilities via the (1) department field in the printer configuration, (2) description field in the print server configuration, and (3) username field for authentication to print as guest.
CVE-2018-10327||PrinterOn Enterprise 4.1.3 stores the Active Directory bind credentials using base64 encoding, which allows local users to obtain credentials for a domain user by reading the cps_config.xml file.
CVE-2018-10328||Momentum Axel 720P 5.1.8 devices have a hardcoded password of streaming for the appagent account, which allows remote attackers to view the RTSP video stream.
CVE-2018-10329||app/tools/mac-lookup/index.php in phpIPAM 1.3.1 has Reflected XSS on /tools/mac-lookup/ via the mac parameter.
CVE-2018-10330||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10331||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10332||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10333||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10334||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10335||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10336||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10337||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10338||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10339||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-1034||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when Microsoft SharePoint Server does not properly sanitize a specially crafted web request to an affected SharePoint server, aka "Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft SharePoint. This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2018-1005, CVE-2018-1014, CVE-2018-1032.
CVE-2018-10340||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10341||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10342||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10343||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10344||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10345||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10346||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10347||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10348||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-10349||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2018. Notes: none.
CVE-2018-1035||A security feature bypass vulnerability exists in Windows which could allow an attacker to bypass Device Guard, aka "Windows Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability." This affects Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-10350||A SQL injection remote code execution vulnerability in Trend Micro Smart Protection Server (Standalone) 3.x could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations due to a flaw within the handling of parameters provided to wcs\_bwlists\_handler.php.  Authentication is required in order to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10351||A vulnerability in Trend Micro Email Encryption Gateway 5.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL statements on vulnerable installations due to a flaw in the formRegistration2 class. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10352||A vulnerability in Trend Micro Email Encryption Gateway 5.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL statements on vulnerable installations due to a flaw in the formConfiguration class. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10353||A SQL injection information disclosure vulnerability in Trend Micro Email Encryption Gateway 5.5 could allow a remote attacker to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations due to a flaw in the formChangePass class. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10354||A command injection remote command execution vulnerability in Trend Micro Email Encryption Gateway 5.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations due to a flaw in the LauncherServer. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10355||An authentication weakness vulnerability in Trend Micro Email Encryption Gateway 5.5 could allow an attacker to recover user passwords on vulnerable installations due to a flaw in the DBCrypto class. An attacker must first obtain access to the user database on the target system in order to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10356||A SQL injection remote code execution vulnerability in Trend Micro Email Encryption Gateway 5.5 could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary SQL statements on vulnerable installations due to a flaw in the formRequestDomains class. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10357||A directory traversal vulnerability in Trend Micro Endpoint Application Control 2.0 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations due to a flaw in the FileDrop servlet. Authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10358||A pool corruption privilege escalation vulnerability in Trend Micro OfficeScan 11.0 SP1 and XG could allow a local attacker to escalate privileges on vulnerable installations due to a flaw within the processing of IOCTL 0x2200B4 in the TMWFP driver. An attacker must first obtain the ability to execute low-privileged code on the target system in order to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-10359||A pool corruption privilege escalation vulnerability in Trend Micro OfficeScan 11.0 SP1 and XG could allow a local attacker to escalate privileges on vulnerable installations due to a flaw within the processing of IOCTL 0x220078 in the TMWFP driver. An attacker must first obtain the ability to execute low-privileged code on the target system in order to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2018-1036||An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when NTFS improperly checks access, aka "NTFS Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-10360||The do_core_note function in readelf.c in libmagic.a in file 5.33 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read and application crash) via a crafted ELF file.
CVE-2018-10361||An issue was discovered in KTextEditor 5.34.0 through 5.45.0. Insecure handling of temporary files in the KTextEditor's kauth_ktexteditor_helper service (as utilized in the Kate text editor) can allow other unprivileged users on the local system to gain root privileges. The attack occurs when one user (who has an unprivileged account but is also able to authenticate as root) writes a text file using Kate into a directory owned by a another unprivileged user. The latter unprivileged user conducts a symlink attack to achieve privilege escalation.
CVE-2018-10362||An issue was discovered in phpLiteAdmin 1.9.5 through 1.9.7.1. Due to loose comparison with '==' instead of '===' in classes/Authorization.php for the user-provided login password, it is possible to login with a simpler password if the password has the form of a power in scientific notation (like '2e2' for '200' or '0e1234' for '0'). This is possible because, in the loose comparison case, PHP interprets the string as a number in scientific notation, and thus converts it to a number. After that, the comparison with '==' casts the user input (e.g., the string '200' or '0') to a number, too. Hence the attacker can login with just a '0' or a simple number he has to brute force. Strong comparison with '===' prevents the cast into numbers.
CVE-2018-10363||An issue was discovered in the WpDevArt "Booking calendar, Appointment Booking System" plugin 2.2.2 for WordPress. Multiple parameters allow remote attackers to manipulate the values to change data such as prices.
CVE-2018-10364||BigTree before 4.2.22 has XSS in the Users management page via the name or company field.
CVE-2018-10365||An XSS issue was discovered in the Threads to Link plugin 1.3 for MyBB. When editing a thread, the user is given the option to convert the thread to a link. The thread link input box is not properly sanitized.
CVE-2018-10366||An issue was discovered in the Users (aka Front-end user management) plugin 1.4.5 for October CMS. XSS exists in the name field.
CVE-2018-10367||An issue was discovered in WUZHI CMS 4.1.0. The content-management feature has Stored XSS via the title or content section.
CVE-2018-10368||An issue was discovered in WUZHI CMS 4.1.0. The "Extension Module -> System Announcement" feature has Stored XSS via an announcement.
CVE-2018-10369||A Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability was discovered on Intelbras Win 240 V1.1.0 devices. An attacker can change the Admin Password without a Login.
CVE-2018-1037||An information disclosure vulnerability exists when Visual Studio improperly discloses limited contents of uninitialized memory while compiling program database (PDB) files, aka "Microsoft Visual Studio Information Disclosure Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft Visual Studio.
CVE-2018-10371||An issue was discovered in the wunderfarm WF Cookie Consent plugin 1.1.3 for WordPress. A persistent cross-site scripting vulnerability has been identified in the web interface of the plugin that allows the execution of arbitrary HTML/script code to be executed in a victim's web browser via a page title.
CVE-2018-10372||process_cu_tu_index in dwarf.c in GNU Binutils 2.30 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (heap-based buffer over-read and application crash) via a crafted binary file, as demonstrated by readelf.
CVE-2018-10373||concat_filename in dwarf2.c in the Binary File Descriptor (BFD) library (aka libbfd), as distributed in GNU Binutils 2.30, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and application crash) via a crafted binary file, as demonstrated by nm-new.
CVE-2018-10374||EasyCMS 1.3 has XSS via the s POST parameter (aka a search box value) in an index.php?s=/index/search/index.html request.
CVE-2018-10375||A file uploading vulnerability exists in /include/helpers/upload.helper.php in DedeCMS V5.7 SP2, which can be utilized by attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP code via the /dede/archives_do.php?dopost=uploadLitpic litpic parameter when "Content-Type: image/jpeg" is sent, but the filename ends in .php and contains PHP code.
CVE-2018-10376||An integer overflow in the transferProxy function of a smart contract implementation for SmartMesh (aka SMT), an Ethereum ERC20 token, allows attackers to accomplish an unauthorized increase of digital assets via crafted _fee and _value parameters, as exploited in the wild in April 2018, aka the "proxyOverflow" issue.
CVE-2018-10377||PortSwigger Burp Suite before 1.7.34 has Improper Certificate Validation of the Collaborator server certificate, which might allow man-in-the-middle attackers to obtain interaction data.
CVE-2018-10379||An issue was discovered in GitLab Community Edition (CE) and Enterprise Edition (EE) before 10.5.8, 10.6.x before 10.6.5, and 10.7.x before 10.7.2. The Move Issue feature contained a persistent XSS vulnerability.
CVE-2018-1038||The Windows kernel in Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 allows an elevation of privilege vulnerability due to the way it handles objects in memory, aka "Windows Kernel Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability."
CVE-2018-10380||kwallet-pam in KDE KWallet before 5.12.6 allows local users to obtain ownership of arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
CVE-2018-10381||TunnelBear 3.2.0.6 for Windows suffers from a SYSTEM privilege escalation vulnerability through the "TunnelBearMaintenance" service. This service establishes a NetNamedPipe endpoint that allows arbitrary installed applications to connect and call publicly exposed methods. The "OpenVPNConnect" method accepts a server list argument that provides attacker control of the OpenVPN command line. An attacker can specify a dynamic library plugin that should run for every new VPN connection attempt. This plugin will execute code in the context of the SYSTEM user.
CVE-2018-10382||MODX Revolution 2.6.3 has XSS.
CVE-2018-10383||Lantronix SecureLinx Spider (SLS) 2.2+ devices have XSS in the auth.asp login page.
CVE-2018-10387||Heap-based overflow vulnerability in TFTP Server SP 1.66 and earlier allows remote attackers to perform a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via a long TFTP error packet, a different vulnerability than CVE-2008-2161.
CVE-2018-10388||Format string vulnerability in the logMess function in TFTP Server SP 1.66 and earlier allows remote attackers to perform a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via format string sequences in a TFTP error packet.
CVE-2018-10389||Format string vulnerability in the logMess function in TFTP Server MT 1.65 and earlier allows remote attackers to perform a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via format string sequences in a TFTP error packet.
CVE-2018-1039||A security feature bypass vulnerability exists in .Net Framework which could allow an attacker to bypass Device Guard, aka ".NET Framework Device Guard Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability." This affects Microsoft .NET Framework 4.7.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6, Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.7/4.7.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 3.0, Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.5.2, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2/4.7/4.7.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6/4.6.1/4.6.2/4.7/4.7.1, Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0, Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6/4.6.1/4.6.2.
CVE-2018-10391||An issue was discovered in WUZHI CMS 4.1.0. There is XSS via the email parameter to the index.php?m=member&v=register URI.
CVE-2018-10392||mapping0_forward in mapping0.c in Xiph.Org libvorbis 1.3.6 does not validate the number of channels, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (heap-based buffer overflow or over-read) or possibly have unspecified other impact via a crafted file.
CVE-2018-10393||bark_noise_hybridmp in psy.c in Xiph.Org libvorbis 1.3.6 has a stack-based buffer over-read.
CVE-2018-1040||A denial of service vulnerability exists in the way that the Windows Code Integrity Module performs hashing, aka "Windows Code Integrity Module Denial of Service Vulnerability." This affects Windows 7, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 10, Windows 10 Servers.
CVE-2018-10403||An issue was discovered in F-Secure XFENCE and Little Flocker. A maliciously crafted Universal/fat binary can evade third-party code signing checks. By not completing full inspection of the Universal/fat binary, the user of the third-party tool will believe that the code is signed by Apple, but the malicious unsigned code will execute.
CVE-2018-10404||An issue was discovered in Objective-See KnockKnock, LuLu, TaskExplorer, WhatsYourSign, and procInfo. A maliciously crafted Universal/fat binary can evade third-party code signing checks. By not completing full inspection of the Universal/fat binary, the user of the third-party tool will believe that the code is signed by Apple, but the malicious unsigned code will execute.
CVE-2018-10405||An issue was discovered in Google Santa and molcodesignchecker. A maliciously crafted Universal/fat binary can evade third-party code signing checks. By not completing full inspection of the Universal/fat binary, the user of the third-party tool will believe that the code is signed by Apple, but the malicious unsigned code will execute.
CVE-2018-10406||An issue was discovered in Yelp OSXCollector. A maliciously crafted Universal/fat binary can evade third-party code signing checks. By not completing full inspection of the Universal/fat binary, the user of the third-party tool will believe that the code is signed by Apple, but the malicious unsigned code will execute.
CVE-2018-10407||An issue was discovered in Carbon Black Cb Response. A maliciously crafted Universal/fat binary can evade third-party code signing checks. By not completing full inspection of the Universal/fat binary, the user of the third-party tool will believe that the code is signed by Apple, but the malicious unsigned code will execute.
CVE-2018-10408||An issue was discovered in VirusTotal. A maliciously crafted Universal/fat binary can evade third-party code signing checks. By not completing full inspection of the Universal/fat binary, the user of the third-party tool will believe that the code is signed by Apple, but the malicious unsigned code will execute.
CVE-2018-1041||A vulnerability was found in the way RemoteMessageChannel, introduced in jboss-remoting versions 3.3.10, reads from an empty buffer. An attacker could use this flaw to cause denial of service via high CPU caused by an infinite loop.
CVE-2018-1042||Moodle 3.x has Server Side Request Forgery in the filepicker.
CVE-2018-10422||An issue was discovered in HongCMS 3.0.0. The post news feature has Stored XSS via the content field.
CVE-2018-10423||mc-admin/post.php in MiniCMS 1.10 allows remote attackers to obtain a directory listing of the top-level directory of the web root via a link that becomes available after posting an article.
CVE-2018-10424||mc-admin/post-edit.php in MiniCMS 1.10 allows full path disclosure via a modified id field.
CVE-2018-10425||An issue was discovered in Shanghai 2345 Security Guard 3.7.0. 2345MPCSafe.exe, 2345SafeTray.exe, and 2345Speedup.exe allow local users to bypass intended process protections, and consequently terminate processes, because SetParent is not properly considered.
CVE-2018-10428||ILIAS before 5.1.26, 5.2.x before 5.2.15, and 5.3.x before 5.3.4, due to inconsistencies in parameter handling, is vulnerable to various instances of reflected cross-site-scripting.
CVE-2018-10429||Cosmo 1.0.0Beta6 allows attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the Database Prefix field on the Database Info screen of install.php.
CVE-2018-1043||In Moodle 3.x, the setting for blocked hosts list can be bypassed with multiple A record hostnames.
CVE-2018-10430||An issue was discovered in DiliCMS (aka DiligentCMS) 2.4.0. There is a Stored XSS Vulnerability in the fourth textbox of "System setting->site setting" of admin/index.php.
CVE-2018-10431||D-Link DIR-615 2.5.17 devices allow Remote Code Execution via shell metacharacters in the Host field of the System / Traceroute screen.
CVE-2018-10432||Pexip Infinity before 18 allows Remote Denial of Service (TLS handshakes in RTMP).
CVE-2018-1044||In Moodle 3.x, quiz web services allow students to see quiz results when it is prohibited in the settings.
CVE-2018-1045||In Moodle 3.x, there is XSS via a calendar event name.
CVE-2018-1046||pdns before version 4.1.2 is vulnerable to a buffer overflow in dnsreplay. In the dnsreplay tool provided with PowerDNS Authoritative, replaying a specially crafted PCAP file can trigger a stack-based buffer overflow, leading to a crash and potentially arbitrary code execution. This buffer overflow only occurs when the -ecs-stamp option of dnsreplay is used.
CVE-2018-10465||Jamf Pro 10.x before 10.3.0 has Incorrect Access Control. Jamf Pro user accounts and groups with access to log in to Jamf Pro had full access to endpoints in the Universal API (UAPI), regardless of account privileges or privilege sets. An authenticated Jamf Pro account without required privileges could be used to perform CRUD actions (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) on UAPI endpoints, which could result in unauthorized information disclosure, compromised data integrity, and data loss. For a full listing of available UAPI endpoints and associated CRUD actions you can navigate to /uapi/doc in your instance of Jamf Pro.
CVE-2018-10466||Zoho ManageEngine ADAudit Plus before 5.0.0 build 5100 allows blind SQL Injection.
CVE-2018-10468||The transferFrom function of a smart contract implementation for Useless Ethereum Token (UET), an Ethereum ERC20 token, allows attackers to steal assets (e.g., transfer all victims' balances into their account) because certain computations involving _value are incorrect, as exploited in the wild starting in December 2017, aka the "transferFlaw" issue.
CVE-2018-10469||b3log Symphony (aka Sym) 2.6.0 allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary JSP files via the name[] parameter to the /upload URI.
CVE-2018-1047||A flaw was found in Wildfly 9.x. A path traversal vulnerability through the org.wildfly.extension.undertow.deployment.ServletResourceManager.getResource method could lead to information disclosure of arbitrary local files.
CVE-2018-10470||Little Snitch versions 4.0 to 4.0.6 use the SecStaticCodeCheckValidityWithErrors() function without the kSecCSCheckAllArchitectures flag and therefore do not validate all architectures stored in a fat binary. An attacker can maliciously craft a fat binary containing multiple architectures that may cause a situation where Little Snitch treats the running process as having no code signature at all while erroneously indicating that the binary on disk does have a valid code signature. This could lead to users being confused about whether or not the code signature is valid.
CVE-2018-10471||An issue was discovered in Xen through 4.10.x allowing x86 PV guest OS users to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds zero write and hypervisor crash) via unexpected INT 80 processing, because of an incorrect fix for CVE-2017-5754.
CVE-2018-10472||An issue was discovered in Xen through 4.10.x allowing x86 HVM guest OS users (in certain configurations) to read arbitrary dom0 files via QMP live insertion of a CDROM, in conjunction with specifying the target file as the backing file of a snapshot.
CVE-2018-10473||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D CLOD Base Mesh Continuation structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a write past the end of an allocated structure. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5392.
CVE-2018-10474||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Shading objects. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a write past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5393.
CVE-2018-10475||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Light Node structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated structure. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5394.
CVE-2018-10476||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Model Node structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated structure. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5395.
CVE-2018-10477||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Chain Index objects. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a write past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5396.
CVE-2018-10478||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Texture Coord Dimensions objects. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5397.
CVE-2018-10479||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Key Frame structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated data structure. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5399.
CVE-2018-1048||It was found that the AJP connector in undertow, as shipped in Jboss EAP 7.1.0.GA, does not use the ALLOW_ENCODED_SLASH option and thus allow the the slash / anti-slash characters encoded in the url which may lead to path traversal and result in the information disclosure of arbitrary local files.
CVE-2018-10480||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the handling of the U3D Node Name buffer. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated buffer. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5401.
CVE-2018-10481||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the handling of U3D Texture Resource structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated data structure. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5408.
CVE-2018-10482||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the U3D Texture Image Format object. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5409.
CVE-2018-10483||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Clod Progressive Mesh objects. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a write past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5410.
CVE-2018-10484||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Node objects. The issue results from the lack of proper initialization of a pointer prior to accessing it. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5411.
CVE-2018-10485||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within U3D Texture Height structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated data structure. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5412.
CVE-2018-10486||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of the U3D Image Index. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5418.
CVE-2018-10487||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D files embedded inside PDF documents. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5419.
CVE-2018-10488||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Texture Width structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of the length of user-supplied data prior to copying it to a fixed-length, heap-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5420.
CVE-2018-10489||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Clod Progressive Mesh Declaration structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a write past the end of an allocated structure. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5421.
CVE-2018-1049||In systemd prior to 234 a race condition exists between .mount and .automount units such that automount requests from kernel may not be serviced by systemd resulting in kernel holding the mountpoint and any processes that try to use said mount will hang. A race condition like this may lead to denial of service, until mount points are unmounted.
CVE-2018-10490||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of JPEG images embedded inside U3D files. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a memory access past the end of an allocated data structure. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5422.
CVE-2018-10491||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Bone Weight Modifier structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a write past the end of an allocated structure. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5423.
CVE-2018-10492||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.0.29935. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D Clod Progressive Mesh Continuation structures. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5424.
CVE-2018-10493||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to disclose sensitive information on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.1.1049. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of the U3D Final Maximum Resolution attribute. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of user-supplied data, which can result in a read past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this in conjunction with other vulnerabilities to execute code in the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5426.
CVE-2018-10494||This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Foxit Reader 9.0.1.1049. User interaction is required to exploit this vulnerability in that the target must visit a malicious page or open a malicious file. The specific flaw exists within the parsing of U3D 3DView objects. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of the length of user-supplied data prior to copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code under the context of the current process. Was ZDI-CAN-5493.