CVE-2021-1216||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV110W, RV130, RV130W, and RV215W Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. The vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device. Cisco has not released software updates that address these vulnerabilities.
CVE-2021-1217||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV110W, RV130, RV130W, and RV215W Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. The vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device. Cisco has not released software updates that address these vulnerabilities.
CVE-2021-1218||A vulnerability in the web management interface of Cisco Smart Software Manager satellite could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to redirect a user to an undesired web page. The vulnerability is due to improper input validation of the URL parameters in an HTTP request that is sent to an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request that could cause the web application to redirect the request to a specified malicious URL. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to redirect a user to a malicious website.
CVE-2021-1219||A vulnerability in Cisco Smart Software Manager Satellite could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access sensitive information on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient protection of static credentials in the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by gaining access to the static credential that is stored on the local device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view static credentials, which the attacker could use to carry out further attacks.
CVE-2021-1220||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web UI of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with read-only privileges to cause the web UI software to become unresponsive and consume vty line instances, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient error handling in the web UI. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the web UI software to become unresponsive and consume all available vty lines, preventing new session establishment and resulting in a DoS condition. Manual intervention would be required to regain web UI and vty session functionality. Note: These vulnerabilities do not affect the console connection.
CVE-2021-1221||A vulnerability in the user interface of Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject a hyperlink into a meeting invitation email. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by entering a URL into a field in the user interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to generate a Webex Meetings invitation email that contains a link to a destination of their choosing. Because this email is sent from a trusted source, the recipient may be more likely to click the link.
CVE-2021-1222||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Smart Software Manager Satellite could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface improperly validates values within SQL queries. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the application and sending malicious SQL queries to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify values on or return values from the underlying database or the operating system.
CVE-2021-1223||Multiple Cisco products are affected by a vulnerability in the Snort detection engine that could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass a configured file policy for HTTP. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of an HTTP range header. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP packets through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass configured file policy for HTTP packets and deliver a malicious payload.
CVE-2021-1224||Multiple Cisco products are affected by a vulnerability with TCP Fast Open (TFO) when used in conjunction with the Snort detection engine that could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass a configured file policy for HTTP. The vulnerability is due to incorrect detection of the HTTP payload if it is contained at least partially within the TFO connection handshake. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted TFO packets with an HTTP payload through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass configured file policy for HTTP packets and deliver a malicious payload.
CVE-2021-1225||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface improperly validates values in SQL queries. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by authenticating to the application and sending malicious SQL queries to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify values on or return values from the underlying database or the operating system.
CVE-2021-1226||A vulnerability in the audit logging component of Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition, Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service, Cisco Unity Connection, Cisco Emergency Responder, and Cisco Prime License Manager could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view sensitive information in clear text on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to the storage of certain unencrypted credentials. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing the audit logs on an affected system and obtaining credentials that they may not normally have access to. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to use those credentials to discover and manage network devices.
CVE-2021-1227||A vulnerability in the NX-API feature of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the NX-API on an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the NX-API to follow a malicious link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions with the privilege level of the affected user. The attacker could view and modify the device configuration. Note: The NX-API feature is disabled by default.
CVE-2021-1228||A vulnerability in the fabric infrastructure VLAN connection establishment of Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) Mode could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to bypass security validations and connect an unauthorized server to the infrastructure VLAN. This vulnerability is due to insufficient security requirements during the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) setup phase of the infrastructure VLAN. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted LLDP packet on the adjacent subnet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to connect an unauthorized server to the infrastructure VLAN, which is highly privileged. With a connection to the infrastructure VLAN, the attacker can make unauthorized connections to Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) services or join other host endpoints.
CVE-2021-1229||A vulnerability in ICMP Version 6 (ICMPv6) processing in Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a slow system memory leak, which over time could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to improper error handling when an IPv6-configured interface receives a specific type of ICMPv6 packet. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a sustained rate of crafted ICMPv6 packets to a local IPv6 address on a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a system memory leak in the ICMPv6 process on the device. As a result, the ICMPv6 process could run out of system memory and stop processing traffic. The device could then drop all ICMPv6 packets, causing traffic instability on the device. Restoring device functionality would require a device reboot.
CVE-2021-1230||A vulnerability with the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) for Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) mode could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a routing process to crash, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to an issue with the installation of routes upon receipt of a BGP update. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted BGP update to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the routing process to crash, which could cause the device to reload. This vulnerability applies to both Internal BGP (IBGP) and External BGP (EBGP). Note: The Cisco implementation of BGP accepts incoming BGP traffic from explicitly configured peers only. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need to send a specific BGP update message over an established TCP connection that appears to come from a trusted BGP peer.
CVE-2021-1231||A vulnerability in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) for Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) mode could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to disable switching on a small form-factor pluggable (SFP) interface. This vulnerability is due to incomplete validation of the source of a received LLDP packet. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted LLDP packet on an SFP interface to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to disable switching on the SFP interface, which could disrupt network traffic.
CVE-2021-1233||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of requests that are sent to the iperf tool. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the iperf tool, which is included in Cisco SD-WAN Software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain any file from the filesystem of an affected device.
CVE-2021-1235||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to read sensitive database files on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient user authorization. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing the vshell of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read database files from the filesystem of the underlying operating system.
CVE-2021-1236||Multiple Cisco products are affected by a vulnerability in the Snort application detection engine that could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass the configured policies on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to a flaw in the detection algorithm. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted packets that would flow through an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass the configured policies and deliver a malicious payload to the protected network.
CVE-2021-1237||A vulnerability in the Network Access Manager and Web Security Agent components of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL injection attack. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the Windows system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of resources that are loaded by the application at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting a configuration file in a specific path in the system which, in turn, causes a malicious DLL file to be loaded when the application starts. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected machine with SYSTEM privileges.
CVE-2021-1238||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of an affected system. The vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1239||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of an affected system. The vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1240||A vulnerability in the loading process of specific DLLs in Cisco Proximity Desktop for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to load a malicious library. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. This vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of directory paths at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by placing a malicious DLL file in a specific location on the targeted system. This file will execute when the vulnerable application launches. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the targeted system with the privileges of another user&rsquo;s account.
CVE-2021-1241||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute denial of service (DoS) attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1242||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Teams could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to manipulate file names within the messaging interface. The vulnerability exists because the affected software mishandles character rendering. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sharing a file within the application interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify how the shared file name displays within the interface, which could allow the attacker to conduct phishing or spoofing attacks.
CVE-2021-1243||A vulnerability in the Local Packet Transport Services (LPTS) programming of the SNMP with the management plane protection feature of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to allow connections despite the management plane protection that is configured to deny access to the SNMP server of an affected device. This vulnerability is due to incorrect LPTS programming when using SNMP with management plane protection. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting to an affected device using SNMP. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to connect to the device on the configured SNMP ports. Valid credentials are required to execute any of the SNMP requests.
CVE-2021-1244||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Network Convergence System (NCS) 540 Series Routers, only when running Cisco IOS XR NCS540L software images, and Cisco IOS XR Software for the Cisco 8000 Series Routers could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute unsigned code during the boot process on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1245||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Finesse could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack and obtain potentially confidential information by leveraging a flaw in the authentication mechanism. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1246||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Finesse could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack and obtain potentially confidential information by leveraging a flaw in the authentication mechanism. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1247||Multiple vulnerabilities in certain REST API endpoints of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL commands on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1248||Multiple vulnerabilities in certain REST API endpoints of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL commands on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1249||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow a remote attacker with network-operator privileges to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack or a reflected file download (RFD) attack against a user of the interface. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1250||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow a remote attacker with network-operator privileges to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack or a reflected file download (RFD) attack against a user of the interface. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1251||Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco Small Business RV Series Routers. An unauthenticated, adjacent attacker could execute arbitrary code or cause an affected router to leak system memory or reload. A memory leak or device reload would cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory. Note: LLDP is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1252||A vulnerability in the Excel XLM macro parsing module in Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV) Software versions 0.103.0 and 0.103.1 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper error handling that may result in an infinite loop. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted Excel file to an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to cause the ClamAV scanning process hang, resulting in a denial of service condition.
CVE-2021-1253||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow a remote attacker with network-operator privileges to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack or a reflected file download (RFD) attack against a user of the interface. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1254||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Finesse could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of the affected software. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by injecting malicious code into the web-based management interface and persuading a user to click a malicious link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. An attacker needs valid administrator credentials to inject the malicious script code.
CVE-2021-1255||Multiple vulnerabilities in the REST API endpoint of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view, modify, and delete data without proper authorization. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1256||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite files on the file system of an affected device by using directory traversal techniques. A successful exploit could cause system instability if important system files are overwritten. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user input for the file path in a specific CLI command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in to a targeted device and issuing a specific CLI command with crafted user input. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite arbitrary files on the file system of the affected device. The attacker would need valid user credentials on the device.
CVE-2021-1257||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco DNA Center Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack to manipulate an authenticated user into executing malicious actions without their awareness or consent. The vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a web-based management user to follow a specially crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions on the device with the privileges of the authenticated user. These actions include modifying the device configuration, disconnecting the user's session, and executing Command Runner commands.
CVE-2021-1258||A vulnerability in the upgrade component of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client could allow an authenticated, local attacker with low privileges to read arbitrary files on the underlying operating system (OS) of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient file permission restrictions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted command from the local CLI to the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read arbitrary files on the underlying OS of the affected device. The attacker would need to have valid user credentials to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2021-1259||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct path traversal attacks and obtain write access to sensitive files on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of HTTP requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request that contains directory traversal character sequences to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to write arbitrary files on the affected system.
CVE-2021-1260||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an authenticated attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device, which could allow the attacker to take certain actions with root privileges on the device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1261||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an authenticated attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device, which could allow the attacker to take certain actions with root privileges on the device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1262||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an authenticated attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device, which could allow the attacker to take certain actions with root privileges on the device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1263||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an authenticated attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device, which could allow the attacker to take certain actions with root privileges on the device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1264||A vulnerability in the Command Runner tool of Cisco DNA Center could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a command injection attack. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation by the Command Runner tool. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by providing crafted input during command execution or via a crafted command runner API call. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary CLI commands on devices managed by Cisco DNA Center.
CVE-2021-1265||A vulnerability in the configuration archive functionality of Cisco DNA Center could allow any privilege-level authenticated, remote attacker to obtain the full unmasked running configuration of managed devices. The vulnerability is due to the configuration archives files being stored in clear text, which can be retrieved by various API calls. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device and executing a series of API calls. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to retrieve the full unmasked running configurations of managed devices.
CVE-2021-1266||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco Managed Services Accelerator (MSX) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to the way that the affected software logs certain API requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a flood of crafted API requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1267||A vulnerability in the dashboard widget of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper restrictions on XML entities. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by crafting an XML-based widget on an affected server. A successful exploit could cause increased memory and CPU utilization, which could result in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1268||A vulnerability in the IPv6 protocol handling of the management interfaces of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause an IPv6 flood on the management interface network of an affected device. The vulnerability exists because the software incorrectly forwards IPv6 packets that have an IPv6 node-local multicast group address destination and are received on the management interfaces. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting to the same network as the management interfaces and injecting IPv6 packets that have an IPv6 node-local multicast group address destination. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause an IPv6 flood on the corresponding network. Depending on the number of Cisco IOS XR Software nodes on that network segment, exploitation could cause excessive network traffic, resulting in network degradation or a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-1269||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view, modify, and delete data without proper authorization. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1270||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view, modify, and delete data without proper authorization. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1271||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco AsyncOS for Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of an affected device. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting malicious data into a specific data field in an affected interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface.
CVE-2021-1272||A vulnerability in the session validation feature of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass access controls and conduct a server-side request forgery (SSRF) attack on a targeted system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of parameters in a specific HTTP request by an attacker. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to an authenticated user of the DCNM web application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass access controls and gain unauthorized access to the Device Manager application, which provides access to network devices managed by the system.
CVE-2021-1273||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute denial of service (DoS) attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1274||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute denial of service (DoS) attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1275||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or gain access to sensitive information, or allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain escalated privileges or gain unauthorized access to the application. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1276||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an attacker to spoof a trusted host or construct a man-in-the-middle attack to extract sensitive information or alter certain API requests. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient certificate validation when establishing HTTPS requests with the affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1277||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an attacker to spoof a trusted host or construct a man-in-the-middle attack to extract sensitive information or alter certain API requests. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient certificate validation when establishing HTTPS requests with the affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1278||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute denial of service (DoS) attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1279||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute denial of service (DoS) attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1280||A vulnerability in the loading mechanism of specific DLLs of Cisco Advanced Malware Protection (AMP) for Endpoints for Windows and Immunet for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL hijacking attack. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need valid credentials on the Windows system. This vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of directory search paths at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by placing a malicious DLL file on the targeted system. This file will execute when the vulnerable application launches. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the targeted system with SYSTEM privileges.
CVE-2021-1281||A vulnerability in CLI management in Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access the underlying operating system as the root user. This vulnerability is due to the way the software handles concurrent CLI sessions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device as an administrative user and executing a sequence of commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain access to the underlying operating system as the root user.
CVE-2021-1282||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P) could allow an attacker to conduct path traversal attacks and SQL injection attacks on an affected system. One of the SQL injection vulnerabilities that affects Unified CM IM&amp;P also affects Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) and could allow an attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1283||A vulnerability in the logging subsystem of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to view sensitive information in a system log file that should be restricted. The vulnerability exists because sensitive information is not properly masked before it is written to system log files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to an affected device and inspecting a specific system log file. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view sensitive information in the system log file. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid user credentials.
CVE-2021-1284||A vulnerability in the web-based messaging service interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to bypass authentication and authorization and modify the configuration of an affected system. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must be able to access an associated Cisco SD-WAN vEdge device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization checks. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based messaging service interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain unauthenticated read and write access to the affected vManage system. With this access, the attacker could access information about the affected vManage system, modify the configuration of the system, or make configuration changes to devices that are managed by the system.
CVE-2021-1286||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow a remote attacker with network-operator privileges to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack or a reflected file download (RFD) attack against a user of the interface. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1287||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco RV132W ADSL2+ Wireless-N VPN Routers and Cisco RV134W VDSL2 Wireless-AC VPN Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device or cause the device to restart unexpectedly. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1288||Multiple vulnerabilities in the ingress packet processing function of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1289||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1290||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1291||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1292||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1293||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1294||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1295||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1296||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks and overwrite certain files that should be restricted on an affected system. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by using the web-based management interface to upload a file to location on an affected device that they should not have access to. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite files on the file system of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1297||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks and overwrite certain files that should be restricted on an affected system. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by using the web-based management interface to upload a file to location on an affected device that they should not have access to. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite files on the file system of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1298||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an authenticated attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device, which could allow the attacker to take certain actions with root privileges on the device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1299||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an authenticated attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device, which could allow the attacker to take certain actions with root privileges on the device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1300||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1301||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN products could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1302||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization and modify the configuration of an affected system, gain access to sensitive information, and view information that they are not authorized to access. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1303||A vulnerability in the user management roles of Cisco DNA Center could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute unauthorized commands on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper enforcement of actions for assigned user roles. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating as a user with an Observer role and executing commands on the affected device. A successful exploit could allow a user with the Observer role to execute commands to view diagnostic information of the devices that Cisco DNA Center manages.
CVE-2021-1304||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization and modify the configuration of an affected system, gain access to sensitive information, and view information that they are not authorized to access. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1305||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization and modify the configuration of an affected system, gain access to sensitive information, and view information that they are not authorized to access. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1306||A vulnerability in the restricted shell of Cisco Evolved Programmable Network (EPN) Manager, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), and Cisco Prime Infrastructure could allow an authenticated, local attacker to identify directories and write arbitrary files to the file system. This vulnerability is due to improper validation of parameters that are sent to a CLI command within the restricted shell. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in to the device and issuing certain CLI commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to identify file directories on the affected device and write arbitrary files to the file system on the affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must be an authenticated shell user.
CVE-2021-1307||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV110W, RV130, RV130W, and RV215W Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. The vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device. Cisco has not released software updates that address these vulnerabilities.
CVE-2021-1308||Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco Small Business RV Series Routers. An unauthenticated, adjacent attacker could execute arbitrary code or cause an affected router to leak system memory or reload. A memory leak or device reload would cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory. Note: LLDP is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1309||Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco Small Business RV Series Routers. An unauthenticated, adjacent attacker could execute arbitrary code or cause an affected router to leak system memory or reload. A memory leak or device reload would cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory. Note: LLDP is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1310||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Webex Meetings could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to redirect a user to an untrusted web page, bypassing the warning mechanism that should prompt the user before the redirection. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation of the URL parameters in an HTTP request. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to redirect a user to a malicious website, bypassing the Webex URL check that should result in a warning before the redirection to the web page. Attackers may use this type of vulnerability, known as an open redirect attack, as part of a phishing attack to convince users to unknowingly visit malicious sites.
CVE-2021-1311||A vulnerability in the reclaim host role feature of Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to take over the host role during a meeting. This vulnerability is due to a lack of protection against brute forcing of the host key. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted requests to a vulnerable Cisco Webex Meetings or Webex Meetings Server site. A successful exploit would require the attacker to have access to join a Webex meeting, including applicable meeting join links and passwords. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to acquire or take over the host role for a meeting.
CVE-2021-1312||A vulnerability in the system resource management of Cisco Elastic Services Controller (ESC) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) to the health monitor API on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to inadequate provisioning of kernel parameters for the maximum number of TCP connections and SYN backlog. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a flood of crafted TCP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to block TCP listening ports that are used by the health monitor API. This vulnerability only affects customers who use the health monitor API.
CVE-2021-1313||Multiple vulnerabilities in the ingress packet processing function of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1314||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on an affected device.
CVE-2021-1315||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on an affected device.
CVE-2021-1316||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on an affected device.
CVE-2021-1317||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on an affected device.
CVE-2021-1318||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on an affected device.
CVE-2021-1319||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1320||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1321||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1322||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1323||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1324||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1325||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1326||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1327||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1328||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1329||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1330||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1331||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1332||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1333||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1334||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1335||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1336||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1337||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1338||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1339||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1340||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1341||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1342||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1343||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1344||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1345||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1346||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1347||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1348||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV016, RV042, RV042G, RV082, RV320, and RV325 Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1349||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct Cypher query language injection attacks on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to the interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain sensitive information.
CVE-2021-1350||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco Umbrella could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to negatively affect the performance of this service. The vulnerability exists due to insufficient rate limiting controls in the web UI. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTPS packets at a high and sustained rate. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to negatively affect the performance of the web UI. Cisco has addressed this vulnerability.
CVE-2021-1351||A vulnerability in the web-based interface of Cisco Webex Meetings could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based interface of the affected service. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based interface of the affected service. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a maliciously crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1352||A vulnerability in the DECnet Phase IV and DECnet/OSI protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of DECnet traffic that is received by an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending DECnet traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1353||A vulnerability in the IPv4 protocol handling of Cisco StarOS could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a memory leak that occurs during packet processing. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a series of crafted IPv4 packets through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust the available memory and cause an unexpected restart of the npusim process, leading to a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1354||A vulnerability in the certificate registration process of Cisco Unified Computing System (UCS) Central Software could allow an authenticated, adjacent attacker to register a rogue Cisco Unified Computing System Manager (UCSM). This vulnerability is due to improper certificate validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the registration API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to register a rogue Cisco UCSM and gain access to Cisco UCS Central Software data and Cisco UCSM inventory data.
CVE-2021-1355||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P) could allow an attacker to conduct path traversal attacks and SQL injection attacks on an affected system. One of the SQL injection vulnerabilities that affects Unified CM IM&amp;P also affects Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) and could allow an attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1356||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web UI of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with read-only privileges to cause the web UI software to become unresponsive and consume vty line instances, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient error handling in the web UI. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the web UI software to become unresponsive and consume all available vty lines, preventing new session establishment and resulting in a DoS condition. Manual intervention would be required to regain web UI and vty session functionality. Note: These vulnerabilities do not affect the console connection.
CVE-2021-1357||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P) could allow an attacker to conduct path traversal attacks and SQL injection attacks on an affected system. One of the SQL injection vulnerabilities that affects Unified CM IM&amp;P also affects Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) and could allow an attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1358||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Finesse could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to redirect a user to an undesired web page. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation of the URL parameters in an HTTP request that is sent to an affected system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the interface to redirect the user to a specific, malicious URL. This type of vulnerability is known as an open redirect and is used in phishing attacks that get users to unknowingly visit malicious sites.
CVE-2021-1359||A vulnerability in the configuration management of Cisco AsyncOS for Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection and elevate privileges to root. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied XML input for the web interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by uploading crafted XML configuration files that contain scripting code to a vulnerable device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system and elevate privileges to root. An attacker would need a valid user account with the rights to upload configuration files to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2021-1360||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV110W, RV130, RV130W, and RV215W Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. The vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have valid administrator credentials on the affected device. Cisco has not released software updates that address these vulnerabilities.
CVE-2021-1361||A vulnerability in the implementation of an internal file management service for Cisco Nexus 3000 Series Switches and Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Switches in standalone NX-OS mode that are running Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to create, delete, or overwrite arbitrary files with root privileges on the device. This vulnerability exists because TCP port 9075 is incorrectly configured to listen and respond to external connection requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted TCP packets to an IP address that is configured on a local interface on TCP port 9075. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to create, delete, or overwrite arbitrary files, including sensitive files that are related to the device configuration. For example, the attacker could add a user account without the device administrator knowing.
CVE-2021-1362||A vulnerability in the SOAP API endpoint of Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition, Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service, Cisco Unity Connection, and Cisco Prime License Manager could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to improper sanitization of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a SOAP API request with crafted parameters to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with root privileges on the underlying Linux operating system of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1363||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-submitted parameters. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by authenticating to the application and sending malicious requests to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain data or modify data that is stored in the underlying database.
CVE-2021-1364||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P) could allow an attacker to conduct path traversal attacks and SQL injection attacks on an affected system. One of the SQL injection vulnerabilities that affects Unified CM IM&amp;P also affects Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) and could allow an attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1365||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-submitted parameters. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by authenticating to the application and sending malicious requests to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain data or modify data that is stored in the underlying database.
CVE-2021-1366||A vulnerability in the interprocess communication (IPC) channel of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL hijacking attack on an affected device if the VPN Posture (HostScan) Module is installed on the AnyConnect client. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of resources that are loaded by the application at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPC message to the AnyConnect process. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected machine with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker needs valid credentials on the Windows system.
CVE-2021-1367||A vulnerability in the Protocol Independent Multicast (PIM) feature of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted PIM packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a traffic loop, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1368||A vulnerability in the Unidirectional Link Detection (UDLD) feature of Cisco FXOS Software and Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to execute arbitrary code with administrative privileges or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted Cisco UDLD protocol packets to a directly connected, affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with administrative privileges or cause the Cisco UDLD process to crash and restart multiple times, causing the affected device to reload and resulting in a DoS condition. Note: The UDLD feature is disabled by default, and the conditions to exploit this vulnerability are strict. The attacker needs full control of a directly connected device. That device must be connected over a port channel that has UDLD enabled. To trigger arbitrary code execution, both the UDLD-enabled port channel and specific system conditions must exist. In the absence of either the UDLD-enabled port channel or the system conditions, attempts to exploit this vulnerability will result in a DoS condition. It is possible, but highly unlikely, that an attacker could control the necessary conditions for exploitation. The CVSS score reflects this possibility. However, given the complexity of exploitation, Cisco has assigned a Medium Security Impact Rating (SIR) to this vulnerability.
CVE-2021-1369||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco Firepower Device Manager (FDM) On-Box Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain read and write access to information that is stored on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to the improper handling of XML External Entity (XXE) entries when parsing certain XML files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests that contain references in XML entities to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to retrieve files from the local system, resulting in the disclosure of sensitive information or causing a partial denial of service (DoS) condition on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1370||A vulnerability in a CLI command of Cisco IOS XR Software for the Cisco 8000 Series Routers and Network Convergence System 540 Series Routers running NCS540L software images could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate their privilege to root. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need to have a valid account on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of command line arguments. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device and entering a crafted command at the prompt. A successful exploit could allow an attacker with low-level privileges to escalate their privilege level to root.
CVE-2021-1371||A vulnerability in the role-based access control of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker with read-only privileges to obtain administrative privileges by using the console port when the device is in the default SD-WAN configuration. This vulnerability occurs because the default configuration is applied for console authentication and authorization. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting to the console port and authenticating as a read-only user. A successful exploit could allow a user with read-only permissions to access administrative privileges.
CVE-2021-1372||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App and Webex Productivity Tools for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain access to sensitive information on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to the unsafe usage of shared memory by the affected software. An attacker with permissions to view system memory could exploit this vulnerability by running an application on the local system that is designed to read shared memory. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to retrieve sensitive information from the shared memory, including usernames, meeting information, or authentication tokens. Note: To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must have valid credentials on a Microsoft Windows end-user system and must log in after another user has already authenticated with Webex on the same end-user system.
CVE-2021-1373||A vulnerability in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Wireless Controller Software for the Cisco Catalyst 9000 Family Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1374||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco IOS XE Wireless Controller software for the Catalyst 9000 Family of switches could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against another user of the web-based management interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device as a high-privileged user, adding certain configurations with malicious code in one of its fields, and persuading another user to click on it. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or to access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1375||Multiple vulnerabilities in the fast reload feature of Cisco IOS XE Software running on Cisco Catalyst 3850, Cisco Catalyst 9300, and Cisco Catalyst 9300L Series Switches could allow an authenticated, local attacker to either execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system, install and boot a malicious software image, or execute unsigned binaries on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper checks performed by system boot routines. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker would need privileged access to the CLI of the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to either execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system or execute unsigned code and bypass the image verification check part of the secure boot process. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1376||Multiple vulnerabilities in the fast reload feature of Cisco IOS XE Software running on Cisco Catalyst 3850, Cisco Catalyst 9300, and Cisco Catalyst 9300L Series Switches could allow an authenticated, local attacker to either execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system, install and boot a malicious software image, or execute unsigned binaries on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper checks performed by system boot routines. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker would need privileged access to the CLI of the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to either execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system or execute unsigned code and bypass the image verification check part of the secure boot process. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1377||A vulnerability in Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) management of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to prevent an affected device from resolving ARP entries for legitimate hosts on the connected subnets. This vulnerability exists because ARP entries are mismanaged. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by continuously sending traffic that results in incomplete ARP entries. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause ARP requests on the device to be unsuccessful for legitimate hosts, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-1378||A vulnerability in the SSH service of the Cisco StarOS operating system could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to stop processing traffic, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to a logic error that may occur under specific traffic conditions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a series of crafted packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to prevent the targeted service from receiving any traffic, which would lead to a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1380||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM), Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P), Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME), and Cisco Unity Connection could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against an interface user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading an interface user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1381||A vulnerability in Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker with high privileges or an unauthenticated attacker with physical access to the device to open a debugging console. The vulnerability is due to insufficient command authorization restrictions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by running commands on the hardware platform to open a debugging console. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access a debugging console.
CVE-2021-1382||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject arbitrary commands to be executed with root privileges on the underlying operating system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation on certain CLI commands. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device and submitting crafted input to the CLI. The attacker must be authenticated as an administrative user to execute the affected commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands with root privileges.
CVE-2021-1383||Multiple vulnerabilities in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access the underlying operating system with root privileges. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input validation of certain CLI commands. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by authenticating to the device and submitting crafted input to the CLI. The attacker must be authenticated as an administrative user to execute the affected commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-1384||A vulnerability in Cisco IOx application hosting environment of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject commands into the underlying operating system as the root user. This vulnerability is due to incomplete validation of fields in the application packages loaded onto IOx. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by creating a crafted application .tar file and loading it onto the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform command injection into the underlying operating system as the root user.
CVE-2021-1385||A vulnerability in the Cisco IOx application hosting environment of multiple Cisco platforms could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks and read and write files on the underlying operating system or host system. This vulnerability occurs because the device does not properly validate URIs in IOx API requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted API request that contains directory traversal character sequences to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read or write arbitrary files on the underlying operating system.
CVE-2021-1386||A vulnerability in the dynamic link library (DLL) loading mechanism in Cisco Advanced Malware Protection (AMP) for Endpoints Windows Connector, ClamAV for Windows, and Immunet could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL hijacking attack on an affected Windows system. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need valid credentials on the system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of directory search paths at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by placing a malicious DLL file on an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with SYSTEM privileges.
CVE-2021-1387||A vulnerability in the network stack of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability exists because the software improperly releases resources when it processes certain IPv6 packets that are destined to an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending multiple crafted IPv6 packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could cause the network stack to run out of available buffers, impairing operations of control plane and management plane protocols and resulting in a DoS condition. Manual intervention would be required to restore normal operations on the affected device. For more information about the impact of this vulnerability, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1388||A vulnerability in an API endpoint of Cisco ACI Multi-Site Orchestrator (MSO) installed on the Application Services Engine could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass authentication on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper token validation on a specific API endpoint. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the affected API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to receive a token with administrator-level privileges that could be used to authenticate to the API on affected MSO and managed Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) devices.
CVE-2021-1389||A vulnerability in the IPv6 traffic processing of Cisco IOS XR Software and Cisco NX-OS Software for certain Cisco devices could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass an IPv6 access control list (ACL) that is configured for an interface of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper processing of IPv6 traffic that is sent through an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted IPv6 packets that traverse the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access resources that would typically be protected by the interface ACL.
CVE-2021-1390||A vulnerability in one of the diagnostic test CLI commands of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid user credentials at privilege level 15. This vulnerability exists because the affected software permits modification of the run-time memory of an affected device under specific circumstances. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the affected device and issuing a specific diagnostic test command at the CLI. A successful exploit could trigger a logic error in the code that was designed to restrict run-time memory modifications. The attacker could take advantage of this logic error to overwrite system memory locations and execute arbitrary code on the underlying Linux operating system (OS) of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1391||A vulnerability in the dragonite debugger of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to escalate from privilege level 15 to root privilege. The vulnerability is due to the presence of development testing and verification scripts that remained on the device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by bypassing the consent token mechanism with the residual scripts on the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to escalate from privilege level 15 to root privilege.
CVE-2021-1392||A vulnerability in the CLI command permissions of Cisco IOS and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to retrieve the password for Common Industrial Protocol (CIP) and then remotely configure the device as an administrative user. This vulnerability exists because incorrect permissions are associated with the show cip security CLI command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by issuing the command to retrieve the password for CIP on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to reconfigure the device.
CVE-2021-1393||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Application Services Engine could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain privileged access to host-level operations or to learn device-specific information, create diagnostic files, and make limited configuration changes. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1394||A vulnerability in the ingress traffic manager of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Network Convergence System (NCS) 520 Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition in the web management interface of an affected device. This vulnerability is due to incorrect processing of certain IPv4 TCP traffic that is destined to an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a large number of crafted TCP packets to the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the web management interface to become unavailable, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: This vulnerability does not impact traffic that is going through the device or going to the Management Ethernet interface of the device.
CVE-2021-1395||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Intelligence Center could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. This vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1396||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Application Services Engine could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain privileged access to host-level operations or to learn device-specific information, create diagnostic files, and make limited configuration changes. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1397||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Integrated Management Controller (IMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to redirect a user to a malicious web page. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation of the parameters in an HTTP request. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to redirect a user to a malicious website. This vulnerability is known as an open redirect attack, which is used in phishing attacks to get users to visit malicious sites without their knowledge.
CVE-2021-1398||A vulnerability in the boot logic of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker with level 15 privileges or an unauthenticated attacker with physical access to execute arbitrary code on the underlying Linux operating system of an affected device. This vulnerability is due to incorrect validations of specific function arguments that are passed to the boot script. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by tampering with a specific file, which an affected device would process during the initial boot process. On systems that are protected by the Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) secure boot feature, a successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute unsigned code at boot time and bypass the image verification check in the secure boot process of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1399||A vulnerability in the Self Care Portal of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to modify data on an affected system without proper authorization. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied data to the Self Care Portal. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify information without proper authorization.
CVE-2021-1400||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to obtain sensitive information from or inject arbitrary commands on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1401||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to obtain sensitive information from or inject arbitrary commands on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1402||A vulnerability in the software-based SSL/TLS message handler of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to trigger a reload of an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of SSL/TLS messages when the device performs software-based SSL decryption. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted SSL/TLS message through an affected device. SSL/TLS messages sent to an affected device do not trigger this vulnerability. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a process to crash. This crash would then trigger a reload of the device. No manual intervention is needed to recover the device after the reload.
CVE-2021-1403||A vulnerability in the web UI feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site WebSocket hijacking (CSWSH) attack and cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient HTTP protections in the web UI on an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading an authenticated user of the web UI to follow a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to corrupt memory on the affected device, forcing it to reload and causing a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1404||A vulnerability in the PDF parsing module in Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV) Software versions 0.103.0 and 0.103.1 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper buffer size tracking that may result in a heap buffer over-read. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted PDF file to an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to cause the ClamAV scanning process to crash, resulting in a denial of service condition.
CVE-2021-1405||A vulnerability in the email parsing module in Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV) Software version 0.103.1 and all prior versions could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper variable initialization that may result in an NULL pointer read. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted email to an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to cause the ClamAV scanning process crash, resulting in a denial of service condition.
CVE-2021-1406||A vulnerability in Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper inclusion of sensitive information in downloadable files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to an affected device and issuing a specific set of commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain hashed credentials of system users. To exploit this vulnerability an attacker would need to have valid user credentials with elevated privileges.
CVE-2021-1407||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM), Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P), Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME), and Cisco Unity Connection could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against an interface user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading an interface user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1408||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM), Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P), Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME), and Cisco Unity Connection could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against an interface user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading an interface user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1409||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM), Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM &amp; Presence Service (Unified CM IM&amp;P), Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME), and Cisco Unity Connection could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against an interface user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading an interface user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1411||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Jabber for Windows, Cisco Jabber for MacOS, and Cisco Jabber for mobile platforms could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary programs on the underlying operating system with elevated privileges, access sensitive information, intercept protected network traffic, or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1412||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Admin portal of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to obtain sensitive information. These vulnerabilities are due to improper enforcement of administrator privilege levels for sensitive data. An attacker with read-only administrator access to the Admin portal could exploit these vulnerabilities by browsing to one of the pages that contains sensitive data. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to collect sensitive information regarding the configuration of the system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1413||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco RV340, RV340W, RV345, and RV345P Dual WAN Gigabit VPN Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code with elevated privileges equivalent to the web service process on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1414||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco RV340, RV340W, RV345, and RV345P Dual WAN Gigabit VPN Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code with elevated privileges equivalent to the web service process on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1415||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco RV340, RV340W, RV345, and RV345P Dual WAN Gigabit VPN Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code with elevated privileges equivalent to the web service process on an affected device. These vulnerabilities exist because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device.
CVE-2021-1416||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Admin portal of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to obtain sensitive information. These vulnerabilities are due to improper enforcement of administrator privilege levels for sensitive data. An attacker with read-only administrator access to the Admin portal could exploit these vulnerabilities by browsing to one of the pages that contains sensitive data. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to collect sensitive information regarding the configuration of the system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1417||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Jabber for Windows, Cisco Jabber for MacOS, and Cisco Jabber for mobile platforms could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary programs on the underlying operating system with elevated privileges, access sensitive information, intercept protected network traffic, or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1418||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Jabber for Windows, Cisco Jabber for MacOS, and Cisco Jabber for mobile platforms could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary programs on the underlying operating system with elevated privileges, access sensitive information, intercept protected network traffic, or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1419||A vulnerability in the SSH management feature of multiple Cisco Access Points (APs) platforms could allow a local, authenticated user to modify files on the affected device and possibly gain escalated privileges. The vulnerability is due to improper checking on file operations within the SSH management interface. A network administrator user could exploit this vulnerability by accessing an affected device through SSH management to make a configuration change. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain privileges equivalent to the root user.
CVE-2021-1420||A vulnerability in certain web pages of Cisco Webex Meetings could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to modify a web page in the context of a user's browser. The vulnerability is due to improper checks on parameter values in affected pages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to follow a crafted link that is designed to pass HTML code into an affected parameter. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to alter the contents of a web page to redirect the user to potentially malicious websites, or the attacker could use this vulnerability to conduct further client-side attacks.
CVE-2021-1421||A vulnerability in Cisco Enterprise NFV Infrastructure Software (NFVIS) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a command injection attack on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input to a configuration command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by including malicious input during the execution of this command. A successful exploit could allow a non-privileged attacker authenticated in the restricted CLI to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system (OS) with root privileges.
CVE-2021-1422||A vulnerability in the software cryptography module of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker or an unauthenticated attacker in a man-in-the-middle position to cause an unexpected reload of the device that results in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to a logic error in how the software cryptography module handles specific types of decryption errors. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious packets over an established IPsec connection. A successful exploit could cause the device to crash, forcing it to reload. Important: Successful exploitation of this vulnerability would not cause a compromise of any encrypted data. Note: This vulnerability affects only Cisco ASA Software Release 9.16.1 and Cisco FTD Software Release 7.0.0.
CVE-2021-1423||A vulnerability in the implementation of a CLI command in Cisco Aironet Access Points (AP) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite files in the flash memory of the device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation for a specific command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by issuing a command with crafted arguments. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite or create files with data that is already present in other files that are hosted on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1426||Multiple vulnerabilities in the install, uninstall, and upgrade processes of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to hijack DLL or executable files that are used by the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1427||Multiple vulnerabilities in the install, uninstall, and upgrade processes of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to hijack DLL or executable files that are used by the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1428||Multiple vulnerabilities in the install, uninstall, and upgrade processes of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to hijack DLL or executable files that are used by the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1429||Multiple vulnerabilities in the install, uninstall, and upgrade processes of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to hijack DLL or executable files that are used by the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1430||Multiple vulnerabilities in the install, uninstall, and upgrade processes of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to hijack DLL or executable files that are used by the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1431||A vulnerability in the vDaemon process of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a device to reload, resulting a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to insufficient handling of malformed packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1432||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system as the root user. The attacker must be authenticated on the affected device as a low-privileged user to exploit this vulnerability. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by injecting arbitrary commands to a file as a lower-privileged user. The commands are then executed on the device by the root user. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands as the root user.
CVE-2021-1433||A vulnerability in the vDaemon process in Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a buffer overflow on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient bounds checking when the device processes traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted traffic to the device. The attacker must have a man-in-the-middle position between Cisco vManage and an associated device that is running an affected version of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software. An exploit could allow the attacker to conduct a controllable buffer overflow attack (and possibly execute arbitrary commands as the root user) or cause a device reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-1434||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite arbitrary files in the underlying file system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of the parameters of a specific CLI command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by issuing that command with specific parameters. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite the content of any arbitrary file that resides on the underlying host file system.
CVE-2021-1435||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands that can be executed as the root user. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the web UI of an affected device with arbitrary commands injected into a portion of the request. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands as the root user.
CVE-2021-1436||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to conduct path traversal attacks and obtain read access to sensitive files on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view arbitrary files on the affected system.
CVE-2021-1437||A vulnerability in the FlexConnect Upgrade feature of Cisco Aironet Series Access Points Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to obtain confidential information from an affected device. This vulnerability is due to an unrestricted Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP) configuration. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a specific TFTP request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to download any file from the filesystem of the affected access point (AP).
CVE-2021-1438||A vulnerability in Cisco Wide Area Application Services (WAAS) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain access to sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper input validation and authorization of specific commands that a user can execute within the CLI. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to an affected device and issuing a specific set of commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read arbitrary files that they originally did not have permissions to access.
CVE-2021-1439||A vulnerability in the multicast DNS (mDNS) gateway feature of Cisco Aironet Series Access Points Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of incoming mDNS traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted mDNS packet to an affected device through a wireless network that is configured in FlexConnect local switching mode or through a wired network on a configured mDNS VLAN. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the access point (AP) to reboot, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1441||A vulnerability in the hardware initialization routines of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco 1100 Series Industrial Integrated Services Routers and Cisco ESR6300 Embedded Series Routers could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute unsigned code at system boot time. This vulnerability is due to incorrect validations of parameters passed to a diagnostic script that is executed when the device boots up. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by tampering with an executable file stored on a device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute unsigned code at boot time and bypass the software image verification check part of the secure boot process of an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need administrative level credentials (level 15) on the device.
CVE-2021-1442||A vulnerability in a diagnostic command for the Plug-and-Play (PnP) subsystem of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to the level of an Administrator user (level 15) on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient protection of sensitive information. An attacker with low privileges could exploit this vulnerability by issuing the diagnostic CLI show pnp profile when a specific PnP listener is enabled on the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain a privileged authentication token. This token can be used to send crafted PnP messages and execute privileged commands on the targeted system.
CVE-2021-1443||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code with root privileges on the underlying operating system of an affected device. The vulnerability exists because the affected software improperly sanitizes values that are parsed from a specific configuration file. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by tampering with a specific configuration file and then sending an API call. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to inject arbitrary code that would be executed on the underlying operating system of the affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have a privileged set of credentials to the device.
CVE-2021-1445||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to lack of proper input validation of the HTTPS request. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTPS request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: This vulnerability affects only specific AnyConnect and WebVPN configurations. For more information, see the Vulnerable Products section.
CVE-2021-1446||A vulnerability in the DNS application layer gateway (ALG) functionality used by Network Address Translation (NAT) in Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload. The vulnerability is due to a logic error that occurs when an affected device inspects certain DNS packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted DNS packets through an affected device that is performing NAT for DNS packets. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability can be exploited only by traffic that is sent through an affected device via IPv4 packets. The vulnerability cannot be exploited via IPv6 traffic.
CVE-2021-1447||A vulnerability in the user account management system of Cisco AsyncOS for Cisco Content Security Management Appliance (SMA) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate their privileges to root. This vulnerability is due to a procedural flaw in the password generation algorithm. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by enabling specific Administrator-only features and connecting to the appliance through the CLI with elevated privileges. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands as root and access the underlying operating system. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid Administrator credentials.
CVE-2021-1448||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the underlying operating system of an affected device that is running in multi-instance mode. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied command arguments. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by submitting crafted input to the affected command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands on the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-1449||A vulnerability in the boot logic of Cisco Access Points Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute unsigned code at boot time. The vulnerability is due to an improper check that is performed by the area of code that manages system startup processes. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by modifying a specific file that is stored on the system, which would allow the attacker to bypass existing protections. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute unsigned code at boot time and bypass the software image verification check part of the secure boot process of an affected device. Note: To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have access to the development shell (devshell) on the device.
CVE-2021-1450||A vulnerability in the interprocess communication (IPC) channel of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending one or more crafted IPC messages to the AnyConnect process on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to stop the AnyConnect process, causing a DoS condition on the device. Note: The process under attack will automatically restart so no action is needed by the user or admin.
CVE-2021-1451||A vulnerability in the Easy Virtual Switching System (VSS) feature of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 4500 Series Switches and Cisco Catalyst 4500-X Series Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the underlying Linux operating system of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect boundary checks of certain values in Easy VSS protocol packets that are destined for an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted Easy VSS protocol packets to UDP port 5500 while the affected device is in a specific state. When the crafted packet is processed, a buffer overflow condition may occur. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to trigger a denial of service (DoS) condition or execute arbitrary code with root privileges on the underlying Linux operating system of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1452||A vulnerability in the ROM Monitor (ROMMON) of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst IE3200, IE3300, and IE3400 Rugged Series Switches, Cisco Catalyst IE3400 Heavy Duty Series Switches, and Cisco Embedded Services 3300 Series Switches could allow an unauthenticated, physical attacker to execute unsigned code at system boot time. This vulnerability is due to incorrect validations of specific function arguments passed to a boot script when specific ROMMON variables are set. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by setting malicious values for a specific ROMMON variable. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute unsigned code and bypass the image verification check during the secure boot process of an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have unauthenticated, physical access to the device or obtain privileged access to the root shell on the device.
CVE-2021-1453||A vulnerability in the software image verification functionality of Cisco IOS XE Software for the Cisco Catalyst 9000 Family of switches could allow an unauthenticated, physical attacker to execute unsigned code at system boot time. The vulnerability is due to an improper check in the code function that manages the verification of the digital signatures of system image files during the initial boot process. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by loading unsigned software on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to boot a malicious software image or execute unsigned code and bypass the image verification check part of the secure boot process of an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have unauthenticated physical access to the device or obtain privileged access to the root shell on the device.
CVE-2021-1454||Multiple vulnerabilities in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access the underlying operating system with root privileges. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input validation of certain CLI commands. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by authenticating to the device and submitting crafted input to the CLI. The attacker must be authenticated as an administrative user to execute the affected commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-1455||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1456||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1457||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1458||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1459||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV110W, RV130, RV130W, and RV215W Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user on the underlying operating system of the affected device. Cisco has not released software updates that address this vulnerability.
CVE-2021-1460||A vulnerability in the Cisco IOx Application Framework of Cisco 809 Industrial Integrated Services Routers (Industrial ISRs), Cisco 829 Industrial ISRs, Cisco CGR 1000 Compute Module, and Cisco IC3000 Industrial Compute Gateway could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient error handling during packet processing. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high and sustained rate of crafted TCP traffic to the IOx web server on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the IOx web server to stop processing requests, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1463||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Intelligence Center Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. This vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of an affected interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1467||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings for Android could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to modify the avatar of another user. This vulnerability is due to improper authorization checks. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the Cisco Webex Meetings client of a targeted user of a meeting in which they are both participants. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify the avatar of the targeted user.
CVE-2021-1468||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or gain access to sensitive information, or allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain escalated privileges or gain unauthorized access to the application. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1469||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Jabber for Windows, Cisco Jabber for MacOS, and Cisco Jabber for mobile platforms could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary programs on the underlying operating system with elevated privileges, access sensitive information, intercept protected network traffic, or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1471||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Jabber for Windows, Cisco Jabber for MacOS, and Cisco Jabber for mobile platforms could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary programs on the underlying operating system with elevated privileges, access sensitive information, intercept protected network traffic, or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1472||Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV Series Routers. A remote attacker could execute arbitrary commands or bypass authentication and upload files on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1473||Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV Series Routers. A remote attacker could execute arbitrary commands or bypass authentication and upload files on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1474||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Admin audit log export feature and Scheduled Reports feature of Cisco Umbrella could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform formula and link injection attacks on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1475||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Admin audit log export feature and Scheduled Reports feature of Cisco Umbrella could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform formula and link injection attacks on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1476||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system (OS) of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of commands that are supplied by the user. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to a device and submitting crafted input for specific commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands on the underlying OS with root privileges. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must have valid administrator-level credentials.
CVE-2021-1477||A vulnerability in an access control mechanism of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access services beyond the scope of their authorization. This vulnerability is due to insufficient enforcement of access control in the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by directly accessing the internal services of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite policies and impact the configuration and operation of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1478||A vulnerability in the Java Management Extensions (JMX) component of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to an unsecured TCP/IP port. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing the port and restarting the JMX process. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a DoS condition on an affected system.
CVE-2021-1479||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain escalated privileges on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1480||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain escalated privileges on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1485||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges on the underlying Linux operating system (OS) of an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of commands that are supplied by the user. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to a device and submitting crafted input to an affected command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands on the underlying Linux OS with root privileges.
CVE-2021-1486||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to enumerate user accounts. This vulnerability is due to the improper handling of HTTP headers. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending authenticated requests to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to compare the HTTP responses that are returned by the affected system to determine which accounts are valid user accounts.
CVE-2021-1487||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Prime Infrastructure and Evolved Programmable Network (EPN) Manager could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input to the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system (OS) with the permissions of a special non-root user. In this way, an attacker could take control of the affected system, which would allow them to obtain and alter sensitive data. The attacker could also affect the devices that are managed by the affected system by pushing arbitrary configuration files, retrieving device credentials and confidential information, and ultimately undermining the stability of the devices, causing a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-1488||A vulnerability in the upgrade process of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject commands that could be executed with root privileges on the underlying operating system (OS). This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by uploading a crafted upgrade package file to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to inject commands that could be executed with root privileges on the underlying OS.
CVE-2021-1489||A vulnerability in filesystem usage management for Cisco Firepower Device Manager (FDM) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to exhaust filesystem resources, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to the insufficient management of available filesystem resources. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by uploading files to the device and exhausting available filesystem resources. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause database errors and cause the device to become unresponsive to web-based management. Manual intervention is required to free filesystem resources and return the device to an operational state.
CVE-2021-1490||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco AsyncOS for Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of an affected device. This vulnerability is due to improper validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to retrieve a crafted file that contains malicious payload and upload it to the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1492||The Duo Authentication Proxy installer prior to 5.2.1 did not properly validate file installation paths. This allows an attacker with local user privileges to coerce the installer to write to arbitrary privileged directories. If successful, an attacker can manipulate files used by Duo Authentication Proxy installer, cause Denial of Service (DoS) by deleting file(s), or replace system files to potentially achieve elevation of privileges. This is only exploitable during new installations, while the installer is running, and is not exploitable once installation has finished. Versions 5.2.1 of Duo Authentication Proxy installer addresses this issue.
CVE-2021-1493||A vulnerability in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause a buffer overflow on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient boundary checks for specific data that is provided to the web services interface of an affected system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious HTTP request. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a buffer overflow condition on the affected system, which could disclose data fragments or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-1495||Multiple Cisco products are affected by a vulnerability in the Snort detection engine that could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass a configured file policy for HTTP. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of specific HTTP header parameters. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP packets through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass a configured file policy for HTTP packets and deliver a malicious payload.
CVE-2021-1496||Multiple vulnerabilities in the install, uninstall, and upgrade processes of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to hijack DLL or executable files that are used by the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1497||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco HyperFlex HX could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1498||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco HyperFlex HX could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1499||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco HyperFlex HX Data Platform could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to upload files to an affected device. This vulnerability is due to missing authentication for the upload function. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a specific HTTP request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to upload files to the affected device with the permissions of the tomcat8 user.
CVE-2021-1500||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Webex Video Mesh could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to redirect a user to a malicious web page. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation of the URL parameters in an HTTP request. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to redirect a user to a malicious website. Attackers may use this type of vulnerability, known as an open redirect attack, as part of a phishing attack to persuade users to unknowingly visit malicious sites.
CVE-2021-1501||A vulnerability in the SIP inspection engine of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a crash and reload of an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition.The vulnerability is due to a crash that occurs during a hash lookup for a SIP pinhole connection. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted SIP traffic through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a crash and reload of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1502||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Windows and MacOS and Cisco Webex Player for Windows and MacOS could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of values within Webex recording files formatted as either Advanced Recording Format (ARF) or Webex Recording Format (WRF). An attacker could exploit the vulnerability by sending a user a malicious ARF or WRF file through a link or email attachment and persuading the user to open the file. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of the targeted user.
CVE-2021-1503||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Windows and MacOS and Cisco Webex Player for Windows and MacOS could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of values in Webex recording files that are in either Advanced Recording Format (ARF) or Webex Recording Format (WRF). An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a user a malicious ARF or WRF file through a link or email attachment and persuading the user to open the file with the affected software on the local system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of the targeted user.
CVE-2021-1504||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to lack of proper input validation of the HTTPS request. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTPS request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: This vulnerability affects only specific AnyConnect and WebVPN configurations. For more information, see the Vulnerable Products section.
CVE-2021-1505||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or gain access to sensitive information, or allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain escalated privileges or gain unauthorized access to the application. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1506||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or gain access to sensitive information, or allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain escalated privileges or gain unauthorized access to the application. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1507||A vulnerability in an API of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against users of the application web-based interface. This vulnerability exists because the API does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious input to the API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the web-based interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1508||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or gain access to sensitive information, or allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain escalated privileges or gain unauthorized access to the application. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1509||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vEdge Software could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1510||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vEdge Software could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1511||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco SD-WAN vEdge Software could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code as the root user or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1512||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite arbitrary files in the underlying file system of an affected system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of the user-supplied input parameters of a specific CLI command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by issuing that command with specific parameters. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite the content in any arbitrary files that reside on the underlying host file system.
CVE-2021-1513||A vulnerability in the vDaemon process of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to insufficient handling of malformed packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1514||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject arbitrary commands to be executed with Administrator privileges on the underlying operating system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation on certain CLI commands. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device and submitting crafted input to the CLI. The attacker must be authenticated as a low-privileged user to execute the affected commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands with Administrator privileges.
CVE-2021-1515||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to gain access to sensitive information. This vulnerability is due to improper access controls on API endpoints when Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software is running in multi-tenant mode. An attacker with access to a device that is managed in the multi-tenant environment could exploit this vulnerability by sending a request to an affected API endpoint on the vManage system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain access to sensitive information that may include hashed credentials that could be used in future attacks.
CVE-2021-1516||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco AsyncOS Software for Cisco Content Security Management Appliance (SMA), Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA), and Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because confidential information is included in HTTP requests that are exchanged between the user and the device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by looking at the raw HTTP requests that are sent to the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain some of the passwords that are configured throughout the interface.
CVE-2021-1517||A vulnerability in the multimedia viewer feature of Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass security protections. This vulnerability is due to unsafe handling of shared content within the multimedia viewer feature. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sharing a file through the multimedia viewer feature. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass security protections and prevent warning dialogs from appearing before files are offered to other users.
CVE-2021-1518||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco Firepower Device Manager (FDM) On-Box Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system of an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient sanitization of user input on specific REST API commands. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the API subsystem of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need valid low-privileged user credentials.
CVE-2021-1519||A vulnerability in the interprocess communication (IPC) channel of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite VPN profiles on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPC message to the AnyConnect process. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify VPN profile files. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid credentials on the affected system.
CVE-2021-1520||A vulnerability in the internal message processing of Cisco RV340, RV340W, RV345, and RV345P Dual WAN Gigabit VPN Routers could allow an authenticated, local attacker to run arbitrary commands with root privileges on the underlying operating system (OS). This vulnerability exists because an internal messaging service does not properly sanitize input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by first authenticating to the device and then sending a crafted request to the internal service. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to run arbitrary commands with root privileges on the underlying OS. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid Administrator credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1521||A vulnerability in the Cisco Discovery Protocol implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 8000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause an affected IP camera to reload. This vulnerability is due to missing checks when processing Cisco Discovery Protocol messages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious Cisco Discovery Protocol packet to an affected IP camera. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected IP camera to reload unexpectedly, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1522||A vulnerability in the change password API of Cisco Connected Mobile Experiences (CMX) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to alter their own password to a value that does not comply with the strong authentication requirements that are configured on an affected device. This vulnerability exists because a password policy check is incomplete at the time a password is changed at server side using the API. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a specially crafted API request to the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to change their own password to a value that does not comply with the configured strong authentication requirements.
CVE-2021-1523||A vulnerability in Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) Mode could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a queue wedge on a leaf switch, which could result in critical control plane traffic to the device being dropped. This could result in one or more leaf switches being removed from the fabric. This vulnerability is due to mishandling of ingress TCP traffic to a specific port. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a stream of TCP packets to a specific port on a Switched Virtual Interface (SVI) configured on the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a specific packet queue to queue network buffers but never process them, leading to an eventual queue wedge. This could cause control plane traffic to be dropped, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition where the leaf switches are unavailable. Note: This vulnerability requires a manual intervention to power-cycle the device to recover.
CVE-2021-1524||A vulnerability in the API of Cisco Meeting Server could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability exists because requests that are sent to the API are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious request to the API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause all participants on a call to be disconnected, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1525||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to redirect users to a malicious file. This vulnerability is due to improper validation of URL paths in the application interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to follow a specially crafted URL that is designed to cause Cisco Webex Meetings to include a remote file in the web UI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the application to offer a remote file to a user, which could allow the attacker to conduct further phishing or spoofing attacks.
CVE-2021-1526||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Player for Windows and MacOS could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of values in Webex recording files that are in Webex Recording Format (WRF). An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a user a malicious WRF file through a link or email attachment and persuading the user to open the file with the affected software on the local system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of the targeted user.
CVE-2021-1527||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Player for Windows and MacOS could allow an attacker to cause the affected software to terminate or to gain access to memory state information that is related to the vulnerable application. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of values in Webex recording files that are stored in Webex Recording Format (WRF). An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious WRF file to a user as a link or email attachment and then persuading the user to open the file with the affected software on the local system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to crash the affected software and view memory state information.
CVE-2021-1528||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain elevated privileges on an affected system. This vulnerability exists because the affected software does not properly restrict access to privileged processes. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by invoking a privileged process in the affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform actions with the privileges of the root user.
CVE-2021-1529||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation by the system CLI. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to an affected device and submitting crafted input to the system CLI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands on the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-1530||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco BroadWorks Messaging Server Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information or cause a partial denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to improper handling of XML External Entity (XXE) entries when parsing certain XML files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by uploading a crafted XML file that contains references to external entities. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to retrieve files from the local system, resulting in the disclosure of sensitive information, or cause the application to consume available resources, resulting in a partial DoS condition on an affected system. There are workarounds that address this vulnerability.
CVE-2021-1531||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco Modeling Labs could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands with the privileges of the web application on the underlying operating system of an affected Cisco Modeling Labs server. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input to the web UI. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to an affected server. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with the privileges of the web application, virl2, on the underlying operating system of the affected server. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid user credentials on the web UI.
CVE-2021-1532||A vulnerability in the video endpoint API (xAPI) of Cisco TelePresence Collaboration Endpoint (CE) Software and Cisco RoomOS Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to read arbitrary files from the underlying operating system. This vulnerability is due to insufficient path validation of command arguments. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted command request to the xAPI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read the contents of any file that is located on the device filesystem.
CVE-2021-1534||A vulnerability in the antispam protection mechanisms of Cisco AsyncOS Software for Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass the URL reputation filters on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to improper processing of URLs. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by crafting a URL in a particular way. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass the URL reputation filters that are configured for an affected device, which could allow malicious URLs to pass through the device.
CVE-2021-1535||A vulnerability in the cluster management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to view sensitive information on an affected system. To be affected by this vulnerability, the Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software must be in cluster mode. This vulnerability is due to the absence of authentication for sensitive information in the cluster management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the cluster management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to allow the attacker to view sensitive information on the affected system.
CVE-2021-1536||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App for Windows, Cisco Webex Meetings Server, Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Windows, and Cisco Webex Teams for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL injection attack on an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. This vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of directory paths at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting a configuration file in a specific path in the system, which can cause a malicious DLL file to be loaded when the application starts. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of another user account.
CVE-2021-1537||A vulnerability in the installer software of Cisco ThousandEyes Recorder could allow an unauthenticated, local attacker to access sensitive information that is contained in the ThousandEyes Recorder installer software. This vulnerability exists because sensitive information is included in the application installer. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by downloading the installer and extracting its contents. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access sensitive information that is included in the application installer.
CVE-2021-1538||A vulnerability in the configuration dashboard of Cisco Common Services Platform Collector (CSPC) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code. This vulnerability is due to insufficient sanitization of configuration entries. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in as a super admin and entering crafted input to configuration options on the CSPC configuration dashboard. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute remote code as root.
CVE-2021-1539||Multiple vulnerabilities in the authorization process of Cisco ASR 5000 Series Software (StarOS) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization and execute a subset of CLI commands on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1540||Multiple vulnerabilities in the authorization process of Cisco ASR 5000 Series Software (StarOS) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization and execute a subset of CLI commands on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1541||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business 220 Series Smart Switches could allow an attacker to do the following: Hijack a user session Execute arbitrary commands as a root user on the underlying operating system Conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack Conduct an HTML injection attack For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1542||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business 220 Series Smart Switches could allow an attacker to do the following: Hijack a user session Execute arbitrary commands as a root user on the underlying operating system Conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack Conduct an HTML injection attack For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1543||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business 220 Series Smart Switches could allow an attacker to do the following: Hijack a user session Execute arbitrary commands as a root user on the underlying operating system Conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack Conduct an HTML injection attack For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1544||A vulnerability in logging mechanisms of Cisco Webex Meetings client software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain access to sensitive information. This vulnerability is due to unsafe logging of application actions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging onto the local system and accessing files containing the logged details. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain access to sensitive information, including meeting data and recorded meeting transcriptions.
CVE-2021-1546||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access sensitive information. This vulnerability is due to improper protections on file access through the CLI. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by running a CLI command that targets an arbitrary file on the local system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to return portions of an arbitrary file, possibly resulting in the disclosure of sensitive information.
CVE-2021-1547||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1548||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1549||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1550||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1551||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1552||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1553||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1554||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1555||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of certain Cisco Small Business 100, 300, and 500 Series Wireless Access Points could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform command injection attacks against an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to improper validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the device. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker must have valid administrative credentials for the device.
CVE-2021-1557||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco DNA Spaces Connector could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges and execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system as root. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient restrictions during the execution of affected CLI commands. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by leveraging the insufficient restrictions during execution of these commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges from dnasadmin and execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system as root.
CVE-2021-1558||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco DNA Spaces Connector could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges and execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system as root. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient restrictions during the execution of affected CLI commands. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by leveraging the insufficient restrictions during execution of these commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges from dnasadmin and execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system as root.
CVE-2021-1559||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco DNA Spaces Connector could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a command injection attack on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input sanitization when executing affected commands. A high-privileged attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities on a Cisco DNA Spaces Connector by injecting crafted input during command execution. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands as root within the Connector docker container.
CVE-2021-1560||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco DNA Spaces Connector could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a command injection attack on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input sanitization when executing affected commands. A high-privileged attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities on a Cisco DNA Spaces Connector by injecting crafted input during command execution. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands as root within the Connector docker container.
CVE-2021-1561||A vulnerability in the spam quarantine feature of Cisco Secure Email and Web Manager, formerly Cisco Security Management Appliance (SMA), could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain unauthorized access and modify the spam quarantine settings of another user. This vulnerability exists because access to the spam quarantine feature is not properly restricted. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify another user's spam quarantine settings, possibly disabling security controls or viewing email messages stored on the spam quarantine interfaces.
CVE-2021-1562||A vulnerability in the XSI-Actions interface of Cisco BroadWorks Application Server could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation and authorization of specific commands that a user can execute within the XSI-Actions interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to an affected device and issuing a specific set of commands. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to join a Call Center instance and have calls that they do not have permissions to access distributed to them from the Call Center queue. At the time of publication, Cisco had not released updates that address this vulnerability for Cisco BroadWorks Application Server. However, firmware patches are available.
CVE-2021-1563||Multiple vulnerabilities in the implementation of the Cisco Discovery Protocol and Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) for Cisco Video Surveillance 7000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect processing of certain Cisco Discovery Protocol and LLDP packets at ingress time. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted Cisco Discovery Protocol or LLDP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol and LLDP are Layer 2 protocols. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1564||Multiple vulnerabilities in the implementation of the Cisco Discovery Protocol and Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) for Cisco Video Surveillance 7000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect processing of certain Cisco Discovery Protocol and LLDP packets at ingress time. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted Cisco Discovery Protocol or LLDP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol and LLDP are Layer 2 protocols. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1565||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9000 Family Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit the vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1566||A vulnerability in the Cisco Advanced Malware Protection (AMP) for Endpoints integration of Cisco AsyncOS for Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA) and Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to intercept traffic between an affected device and the AMP servers. This vulnerability is due to improper certificate validation when an affected device establishes TLS connections. A man-in-the-middle attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted TLS packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to spoof a trusted host and then extract sensitive information or alter certain API requests.
CVE-2021-1567||A vulnerability in the DLL loading mechanism of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL hijacking attack on an affected device if the VPN Posture (HostScan) Module is installed on the AnyConnect client. This vulnerability is due to a race condition in the signature verification process for DLL files that are loaded on an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a series of crafted interprocess communication (IPC) messages to the AnyConnect process. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected device with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system.
CVE-2021-1568||A vulnerability in Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to uncontrolled memory allocation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by copying a crafted file to a specific folder on the system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to crash the VPN Agent service when the affected application is launched, causing it to be unavailable to all users of the system. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid credentials on a multiuser Windows system.
CVE-2021-1569||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Jabber for Windows, Cisco Jabber for Mac, and Cisco Jabber for mobile platforms could allow an attacker to access sensitive information or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1570||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Jabber for Windows, Cisco Jabber for Mac, and Cisco Jabber for mobile platforms could allow an attacker to access sensitive information or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1571||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business 220 Series Smart Switches could allow an attacker to do the following: Hijack a user session Execute arbitrary commands as a root user on the underlying operating system Conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack Conduct an HTML injection attack For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1572||A vulnerability in ConfD could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute arbitrary commands at the level of the account under which ConfD is running, which is commonly root. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must have a valid account on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because the affected software incorrectly runs the SFTP user service at the privilege level of the account that was running when the ConfD built-in Secure Shell (SSH) server for CLI was enabled. If the ConfD built-in SSH server was not enabled, the device is not affected by this vulnerability. An attacker with low-level privileges could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to an affected device and issuing a series of commands at the SFTP interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges to the level of the account under which ConfD is running, which is commonly root. Note: Any user who can authenticate to the built-in SSH server may exploit this vulnerability. By default, all ConfD users have this access if the server is enabled. Software updates that address this vulnerability have been released.
CVE-2021-1573||A vulnerability in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to trigger a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation when parsing HTTPS requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious HTTPS request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1574||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Business Process Automation (BPA) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator. These vulnerabilities are due to improper authorization enforcement for specific features and for access to log files that contain confidential information. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities either by submitting crafted HTTP messages to an affected system and performing unauthorized actions with the privileges of an administrator, or by retrieving sensitive data from the logs and using it to impersonate a legitimate privileged user. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator.
CVE-2021-1575||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Virtualized Voice Browser could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. This vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of an affected interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1576||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Business Process Automation (BPA) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator. These vulnerabilities are due to improper authorization enforcement for specific features and for access to log files that contain confidential information. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities either by submitting crafted HTTP messages to an affected system and performing unauthorized actions with the privileges of an administrator, or by retrieving sensitive data from the logs and using it to impersonate a legitimate privileged user. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator.
CVE-2021-1577||A vulnerability in an API endpoint of Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) and Cisco Cloud Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (Cloud APIC) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to read or write arbitrary files on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to improper access control. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using a specific API endpoint to upload a file to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read or write arbitrary files on an affected device.
CVE-2021-1578||A vulnerability in an API endpoint of Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) and Cisco Cloud Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (Cloud APIC) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to an improper policy default setting. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using a non-privileged credential for Cisco ACI Multi-Site Orchestrator (MSO) to send a specific API request to a managed Cisco APIC or Cloud APIC device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain Administrator credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1579||A vulnerability in an API endpoint of Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) and Cisco Cloud Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (Cloud APIC) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with Administrator read-only credentials to elevate privileges on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to an insufficient role-based access control (RBAC). An attacker with Administrator read-only credentials could exploit this vulnerability by sending a specific API request using an app with admin write credentials. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator with write privileges on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1580||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web UI and API endpoints of Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) or Cisco Cloud APIC could allow a remote attacker to perform a command injection or file upload attack on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1581||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web UI and API endpoints of Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) or Cisco Cloud APIC could allow a remote attacker to perform a command injection or file upload attack on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1582||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) or Cisco Cloud APIC could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a stored cross-site scripting attack on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation in the web UI. An authenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious input to the web UI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the web-based interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2021-1583||A vulnerability in the fabric infrastructure file system access control of Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) mode could allow an authenticated, local attacker to read arbitrary files on an affected system. This vulnerability is due to improper access control. An attacker with Administrator privileges could exploit this vulnerability by executing a specific vulnerable command on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read arbitrary files on the file system of the affected device.
CVE-2021-1584||A vulnerability in Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) mode could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient restrictions during the execution of a specific CLI command. An attacker with administrative privileges could exploit this vulnerability by performing a command injection attack on the vulnerable command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access the underlying operating system as root.
CVE-2021-1585||A vulnerability in the Cisco Adaptive Security Device Manager (ASDM) Launcher could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on a user's operating system. This vulnerability is due to a lack of proper signature verification for specific code exchanged between the ASDM and the Launcher. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by leveraging a man-in-the-middle position on the network to intercept the traffic between the Launcher and the ASDM and then inject arbitrary code. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the user's operating system with the level of privileges assigned to the ASDM Launcher. A successful exploit may require the attacker to perform a social engineering attack to persuade the user to initiate communication from the Launcher to the ASDM.
CVE-2021-1586||A vulnerability in the Multi-Pod or Multi-Site network configurations for Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Fabric Switches in Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) mode could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to unexpectedly restart the device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability exists because TCP traffic sent to a specific port on an affected device is not properly sanitized. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted TCP data to a specific port that is listening on a public-facing IP address for the Multi-Pod or Multi-Site configuration. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to restart unexpectedly, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1587||A vulnerability in the VXLAN Operation, Administration, and Maintenance (OAM) feature of Cisco NX-OS Software, known as NGOAM, could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to improper handling of specific packets with a Transparent Interconnection of Lots of Links (TRILL) OAM EtherType. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted packets, including the TRILL OAM EtherType of 0x8902, to a device that is part of a VXLAN Ethernet VPN (EVPN) fabric. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause an affected device to experience high CPU usage and consume excessive system resources, which may result in overall control plane instability and cause the affected device to reload. Note: The NGOAM feature is disabled by default.
CVE-2021-1588||A vulnerability in the MPLS Operation, Administration, and Maintenance (OAM) feature of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to improper input validation when an affected device is processing an MPLS echo-request or echo-reply packet. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious MPLS echo-request or echo-reply packets to an interface that is enabled for MPLS forwarding on the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the MPLS OAM process to crash and restart multiple times, causing the affected device to reload and resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1589||A vulnerability in the disaster recovery feature of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain unauthorized access to user credentials. This vulnerability exists because access to API endpoints is not properly restricted. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a request to an API endpoint. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain unauthorized access to administrative credentials that could be used in further attacks.
CVE-2021-1590||A vulnerability in the implementation of the system login block-for command for Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a login process to unexpectedly restart, causing a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to a logic error in the implementation of the system login block-for command when an attack is detected and acted upon. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by performing a brute-force login attack on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a login process to reload, which could result in a delay during authentication to the affected device.
CVE-2021-1591||A vulnerability in the EtherChannel port subscription logic of Cisco Nexus 9500 Series Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass access control list (ACL) rules that are configured on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to oversubscription of resources that occurs when applying ACLs to port channel interfaces. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by attempting to access network resources that are protected by the ACL. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access network resources that would be protected by the ACL that was applied on the port channel interface.
CVE-2021-1592||A vulnerability in the way Cisco UCS Manager software handles SSH sessions could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to improper resource management for established SSH sessions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by opening a significant number of SSH sessions on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a crash and restart of internal Cisco UCS Manager software processes and a temporary loss of access to the Cisco UCS Manager CLI and web UI. Note: The attacker must have valid user credentials to authenticate to the affected device.
CVE-2021-1593||A vulnerability in Cisco Packet Tracer for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL injection attack on an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker must have valid credentials on the Windows system. This vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of directory paths at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting a configuration file in a specific path on the system, which can cause a malicious DLL file to be loaded when the application starts. A successful exploit could allow an attacker with normal user privileges to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of another user&rsquo;s account.
CVE-2021-1594||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to perform a command injection attack and elevate privileges to root. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation for specific API endpoints. An attacker in a man-in-the-middle position could exploit this vulnerability by intercepting and modifying specific internode communications from one ISE persona to another ISE persona. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to run arbitrary commands with root privileges on the underlying operating system. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to decrypt HTTPS traffic between two ISE personas that are located on separate nodes.
CVE-2021-1595||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 7000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect processing of certain LLDP packets at ingress time. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted LLDP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: LLDP is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1596||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 7000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect processing of certain LLDP packets at ingress time. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted LLDP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: LLDP is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1597||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 7000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect processing of certain LLDP packets at ingress time. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted LLDP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: LLDP is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1598||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 7000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect processing of certain LLDP packets at ingress time. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted LLDP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition. Note: LLDP is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2021-1599||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Unified Customer Voice Portal (CVP) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. This vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of a parameter that is used by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a malicious link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the interface, access sensitive, browser-based information, or cause an affected device to reboot under certain conditions.
CVE-2021-1600||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Intersight Virtual Appliance could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to access sensitive internal services from an external interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient restrictions for IPv4 or IPv6 packets that are received on the external management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending specific traffic to this interface on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access sensitive internal services and make configuration changes on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1601||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Intersight Virtual Appliance could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to access sensitive internal services from an external interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient restrictions for IPv4 or IPv6 packets that are received on the external management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending specific traffic to this interface on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access sensitive internal services and make configuration changes on the affected device.
CVE-2021-1602||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV160, RV160W, RV260, RV260P, and RV260W VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system of an affected device. This vulnerability is due to insufficient user input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the web-based management interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on an affected device using root-level privileges. Due to the nature of the vulnerability, only commands without parameters can be executed.
CVE-2021-1603||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not sufficiently validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by injecting malicious code into specific pages of the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker would need valid administrative credentials.
CVE-2021-1604||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not sufficiently validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by injecting malicious code into specific pages of the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker would need valid administrative credentials.
CVE-2021-1605||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not sufficiently validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by injecting malicious code into specific pages of the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker would need valid administrative credentials.
CVE-2021-1606||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not sufficiently validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by injecting malicious code into specific pages of the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker would need valid administrative credentials.
CVE-2021-1607||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a stored cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. These vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface does not sufficiently validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by injecting malicious code into specific pages of the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit these vulnerabilities, the attacker would need valid administrative credentials.
CVE-2021-1609||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of the Cisco Small Business RV340, RV340W, RV345, and RV345P Dual WAN Gigabit VPN Routers could allow an attacker to do the following: Execute arbitrary code Cause a denial of service (DoS) condition Execute arbitrary commands For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1610||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of the Cisco Small Business RV340, RV340W, RV345, and RV345P Dual WAN Gigabit VPN Routers could allow an attacker to do the following: Execute arbitrary code Cause a denial of service (DoS) condition Execute arbitrary commands For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1611||A vulnerability in Ethernet over GRE (EoGRE) packet processing of Cisco IOS XE Wireless Controller Software for the Cisco Catalyst 9800 Family Wireless Controller, Embedded Wireless Controller, and Embedded Wireless on Catalyst 9000 Series Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. This vulnerability is due to improper processing of malformed EoGRE packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious packets to the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1612||A vulnerability in the Cisco IOS XE SD-WAN Software CLI could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite arbitrary files on the local system. This vulnerability is due to improper access controls on files within the local file system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by placing a symbolic link in a specific location on the local file system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite arbitrary files on an affected device.
CVE-2021-1614||A vulnerability in the Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) packet handling function of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain access to information stored in MPLS buffer memory. This vulnerability is due to insufficient handling of malformed MPLS packets that are processed by a device that is running Cisco SD-WAN Software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted MPLS packet to an affected device that is running Cisco SD-WAN Software or Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information.
CVE-2021-1615||A vulnerability in the packet processing functionality of Cisco Embedded Wireless Controller (EWC) Software for Catalyst Access Points (APs) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected AP. This vulnerability is due to insufficient buffer allocation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust available resources and cause a DoS condition on an affected AP, as well as a DoS condition for client traffic traversing the AP.
CVE-2021-1616||A vulnerability in the H.323 application level gateway (ALG) used by the Network Address Translation (NAT) feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass the ALG. This vulnerability is due to insufficient data validation of traffic that is traversing the ALG. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted traffic to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass the ALG and open connections that should not be allowed to a remote device located behind the ALG. Note: This vulnerability has been publicly discussed as NAT Slipstreaming.
CVE-2021-1617||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Intersight Virtual Appliance could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a path traversal or command injection attack on an affected system. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by using the web-based management interface to do one or both of the following: Execute a command using crafted input Upload a file that has been altered using path traversal techniques A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read and write arbitrary files or execute arbitrary commands as root on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1618||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Intersight Virtual Appliance could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a path traversal or command injection attack on an affected system. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by using the web-based management interface to do one or both of the following: Execute a command using crafted input Upload a file that has been altered using path traversal techniques A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read and write arbitrary files or execute arbitrary commands as root on an affected system. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2021-1619||A vulnerability in the authentication, authorization, and accounting (AAA) function of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass NETCONF or RESTCONF authentication and do either of the following: Install, manipulate, or delete the configuration of an affected device Cause memory corruption that results in a denial of service (DoS) on an affected device This vulnerability is due to an uninitialized variable. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a series of NETCONF or RESTCONF requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to use NETCONF or RESTCONF to install, manipulate, or delete the configuration of a network device or to corrupt memory on the device, resulting a DoS.
CVE-2021-1620||A vulnerability in the Internet Key Exchange Version 2 (IKEv2) support for the AutoReconnect feature of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to exhaust the free IP addresses from the assigned local pool. This vulnerability occurs because the code does not release the allocated IP address under certain failure conditions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by trying to connect to the device with a non-AnyConnect client. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust the IP addresses from the assigned local pool, which prevents users from logging in and leads to a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-1621||A vulnerability in the Layer 2 punt code of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a queue wedge on an interface that receives specific Layer 2 frames, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to improper handling of certain Layer 2 frames. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending specific Layer 2 frames on the segment the router is connected to. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a queue wedge on the interface, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1622||A vulnerability in the Common Open Policy Service (COPS) of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco cBR-8 Converged Broadband Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause resource exhaustion, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to a deadlock condition in the code when processing COPS packets under certain conditions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending COPS packets with high burst rates to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the CPU to consume excessive resources, which prevents other control plane processes from obtaining resources and results in a DoS.
CVE-2021-1623||A vulnerability in the Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) punt handling function of Cisco cBR-8 Converged Broadband Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to overload a device punt path, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to the punt path being overwhelmed by large quantities of SNMP requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a large number of SNMP requests to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overload the device punt path, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1624||A vulnerability in the Rate Limiting Network Address Translation (NAT) feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause high CPU utilization in the Cisco QuantumFlow Processor of an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability is due to mishandling of the rate limiting feature within the QuantumFlow Processor. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending large amounts of traffic that would be subject to NAT and rate limiting through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the QuantumFlow Processor utilization to reach 100 percent on the affected device, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2021-1625||A vulnerability in the Zone-Based Policy Firewall feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to prevent the Zone-Based Policy Firewall from correctly classifying traffic. This vulnerability exists because ICMP and UDP responder-to-initiator flows are not inspected when the Zone-Based Policy Firewall has either Unified Threat Defense (UTD) or Application Quality of Experience (AppQoE) configured. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by attempting to send UDP or ICMP flows through the network. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to inject traffic through the Zone-Based Policy Firewall, resulting in traffic being dropped because it is incorrectly classified or in incorrect reporting figures being produced by high-speed logging (HSL).
CVE-2021-1626||MuleSoft is aware of a Remote Code Execution vulnerability affecting certain versions of a Mule runtime component that may affect both CloudHub and on-premise customers. Versions affected: Mule 4.1.x and 4.2.x runtime released before February 2, 2021.
CVE-2021-1627||MuleSoft is aware of a Server Side Request Forgery vulnerability affecting certain versions of a Mule runtime component that may affect both CloudHub and on-premise customers. This affects: Mule 3.8.x,3.9.x,4.x runtime released before February 2, 2021.
CVE-2021-1628||MuleSoft is aware of a XML External Entity (XXE) vulnerability affecting certain versions of a Mule runtime component that may affect both CloudHub and on-premise customers. Affected versions: Mule 4.x runtime released before February 2, 2021.
CVE-2021-1629||Tableau Server fails to validate certain URLs that are embedded in emails sent to Tableau Server users.
CVE-2021-1630||XML external entity (XXE) vulnerability affecting certain versions of a Mule runtime component that may affect CloudHub, GovCloud, Runtime Fabric, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Private Cloud Edition, and on-premise customers.
CVE-2021-1636||Microsoft SQL Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1637||Windows DNS Query Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1638||Windows Bluetooth Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1683, CVE-2021-1684.
CVE-2021-1639||Visual Studio Code Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1640||Windows Print Spooler Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-26878.
CVE-2021-1641||Microsoft SharePoint Spoofing Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1717.
CVE-2021-1642||Windows AppX Deployment Extensions Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1685.
CVE-2021-1643||HEVC Video Extensions Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1644.
CVE-2021-1644||HEVC Video Extensions Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1643.
CVE-2021-1645||Windows Docker Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1646||Windows WLAN Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1647||Microsoft Defender Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1648||Microsoft splwow64 Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1649||Active Template Library Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1650||Windows Runtime C++ Template Library Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1651||Diagnostics Hub Standard Collector Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1680.
CVE-2021-1652||Windows CSC Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1653, CVE-2021-1654, CVE-2021-1655, CVE-2021-1659, CVE-2021-1688, CVE-2021-1693.
CVE-2021-1653||Windows CSC Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1652, CVE-2021-1654, CVE-2021-1655, CVE-2021-1659, CVE-2021-1688, CVE-2021-1693.
CVE-2021-1654||Windows CSC Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1652, CVE-2021-1653, CVE-2021-1655, CVE-2021-1659, CVE-2021-1688, CVE-2021-1693.
CVE-2021-1655||Windows CSC Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1652, CVE-2021-1653, CVE-2021-1654, CVE-2021-1659, CVE-2021-1688, CVE-2021-1693.
CVE-2021-1656||TPM Device Driver Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1657||Windows Fax Compose Form Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1658||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1700, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1659||Windows CSC Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1652, CVE-2021-1653, CVE-2021-1654, CVE-2021-1655, CVE-2021-1688, CVE-2021-1693.
CVE-2021-1660||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1700, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1661||Windows Installer Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1662||Windows Event Tracing Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1663||Windows Projected File System FS Filter Driver Information Disclosure Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1670, CVE-2021-1672.
CVE-2021-1664||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1700, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1665||GDI+ Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1666||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1700, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1667||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1700, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1668||Microsoft DTV-DVD Video Decoder Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1669||Windows Remote Desktop Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1670||Windows Projected File System FS Filter Driver Information Disclosure Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1663, CVE-2021-1672.
CVE-2021-1671||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1700, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1672||Windows Projected File System FS Filter Driver Information Disclosure Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1663, CVE-2021-1670.
CVE-2021-1673||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1700, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1674||Windows Remote Desktop Protocol Core Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1675||Windows Print Spooler Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1676||Windows NT Lan Manager Datagram Receiver Driver Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1677||Azure Active Directory Pod Identity Spoofing Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1678||NTLM Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1679||Windows CryptoAPI Denial of Service Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1680||Diagnostics Hub Standard Collector Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1651.
CVE-2021-1681||Windows WalletService Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1686, CVE-2021-1687, CVE-2021-1690.
CVE-2021-1682||Windows Kernel Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1683||Windows Bluetooth Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1638, CVE-2021-1684.
CVE-2021-1684||Windows Bluetooth Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1638, CVE-2021-1683.
CVE-2021-1685||Windows AppX Deployment Extensions Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1642.
CVE-2021-1686||Windows WalletService Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1681, CVE-2021-1687, CVE-2021-1690.
CVE-2021-1687||Windows WalletService Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1681, CVE-2021-1686, CVE-2021-1690.
CVE-2021-1688||Windows CSC Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1652, CVE-2021-1653, CVE-2021-1654, CVE-2021-1655, CVE-2021-1659, CVE-2021-1693.
CVE-2021-1689||Windows Multipoint Management Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1690||Windows WalletService Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1681, CVE-2021-1686, CVE-2021-1687.
CVE-2021-1691||Hyper-V Denial of Service Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1692.
CVE-2021-1692||Hyper-V Denial of Service Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1691.
CVE-2021-1693||Windows CSC Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1652, CVE-2021-1653, CVE-2021-1654, CVE-2021-1655, CVE-2021-1659, CVE-2021-1688.
CVE-2021-1694||Windows Update Stack Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1695||Windows Print Spooler Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1696||Windows Graphics Component Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1697||Windows InstallService Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1698||Windows Win32k Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1732.
CVE-2021-1699||Windows (modem.sys) Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1700||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1701.
CVE-2021-1701||Remote Procedure Call Runtime Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1658, CVE-2021-1660, CVE-2021-1664, CVE-2021-1666, CVE-2021-1667, CVE-2021-1671, CVE-2021-1673, CVE-2021-1700.
CVE-2021-1702||Windows Remote Procedure Call Runtime Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1703||Windows Event Logging Service Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1704||Windows Hyper-V Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1705||Microsoft Edge (HTML-based) Memory Corruption Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1706||Windows LUAFV Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1707||Microsoft SharePoint Server Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1708||Windows GDI+ Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1709||Windows Win32k Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1710||Microsoft Windows Media Foundation Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1711||Microsoft Office Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1712||Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1719.
CVE-2021-1713||Microsoft Excel Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1714.
CVE-2021-1714||Microsoft Excel Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1713.
CVE-2021-1715||Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1716.
CVE-2021-1716||Microsoft Word Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1715.
CVE-2021-1717||Microsoft SharePoint Spoofing Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1641.
CVE-2021-1718||Microsoft SharePoint Server Tampering Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1719||Microsoft SharePoint Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1712.
CVE-2021-1721||.NET Core and Visual Studio Denial of Service Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1722||Windows Fax Service Remote Code Execution Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-24077.
CVE-2021-1723||ASP.NET Core and Visual Studio Denial of Service Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1724||Microsoft Dynamics Business Central Cross-site Scripting Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1725||Bot Framework SDK Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1726||Microsoft SharePoint Spoofing Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1727||Windows Installer Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1728||System Center Operations Manager Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1729||Windows Update Stack Setup Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1730||Microsoft Exchange Server Spoofing Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-24085.
CVE-2021-1731||PFX Encryption Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1732||Windows Win32k Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability This CVE ID is unique from CVE-2021-1698.
CVE-2021-1733||Sysinternals PsExec Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1734||Windows Remote Procedure Call Information Disclosure Vulnerability
CVE-2021-1736||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1737||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1738||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1739||A parsing issue in the handling of directory paths was addressed with improved path validation. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file system.
CVE-2021-1740||A parsing issue in the handling of directory paths was addressed with improved path validation. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file system.
CVE-2021-1741||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1742||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1743||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1744||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1745||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1746||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1747||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code execution.
CVE-2021-1748||A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. This issue is fixed in tvOS 14.4, watchOS 7.3, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted URL may lead to arbitrary javascript code execution.
CVE-2021-1750||Multiple issues were addressed with improved logic. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1751||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Mounting a maliciously crafted Samba network share may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1753||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1754||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1755||A lock screen issue allowed access to contacts on a locked device. This issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.0.1. A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to access contacts from the lock screen.
CVE-2021-1756||A lock screen issue allowed access to contacts on a locked device. This issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. An attacker with physical access to a device may be able to see private contact information.
CVE-2021-1757||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2021-1758||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1759||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1760||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A malicious application could execute arbitrary code leading to compromise of user information.
CVE-2021-1761||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service.
CVE-2021-1762||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4, macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1763||A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1764||A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service.
CVE-2021-1765||This issue was addressed with improved iframe sandbox enforcement. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Maliciously crafted web content may violate iframe sandboxing policy.
CVE-2021-1766||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of service.
CVE-2021-1767||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to heap corruption.
CVE-2021-1768||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted USD file may lead to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1769||A logic issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A malicious attacker with arbitrary read and write capability may be able to bypass Pointer Authentication.
CVE-2021-1770||A buffer overflow may result in arbitrary code execution. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.
CVE-2021-1771||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. A user that is removed from an iMessage group could rejoin the group.
CVE-2021-1772||A stack overflow was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted text file may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1773||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of service.
CVE-2021-1774||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1775||This issue was addressed by removing the vulnerable code. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Processing a maliciously crafted font may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1776||An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1777||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1778||An out-of-bounds read issue existed in the curl. This issue was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to a denial of service.
CVE-2021-1779||A logic error in kext loading was addressed with improved state handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2021-1780||A memory initialization issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. An attacker in a privileged position may be able to perform a denial of service attack.
CVE-2021-1781||A privacy issue existed in the handling of Contact cards. This was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A malicious application may be able to leak sensitive user information.
CVE-2021-1782||A race condition was addressed with improved locking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited..
CVE-2021-1783||An access issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1784||A permissions issue existed in DiskArbitration. This was addressed with additional ownership checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. A malicious application may be able to modify protected parts of the file system.
CVE-2021-1785||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1786||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A local user may be able to create or modify system files.
CVE-2021-1787||Multiple issues were addressed with improved logic. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2021-1788||A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, tvOS 14.4, watchOS 7.3, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4, Safari 14.0.3. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1789||A type confusion issue was addressed with improved state handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, tvOS 14.4, watchOS 7.3, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4, Safari 14.0.3. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1790||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. Processing a maliciously crafted font may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1791||An out-of-bounds read issue existed that led to the disclosure of kernel memory. This was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A malicious application may be able to disclose kernel memory.
CVE-2021-1792||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1793||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1794||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1795||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1796||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1797||The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A local user may be able to read arbitrary files.
CVE-2021-1799||A port redirection issue was addressed with additional port validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, tvOS 14.4, watchOS 7.3, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4, Safari 14.0.3. A malicious website may be able to access restricted ports on arbitrary servers.
CVE-2021-1800||A path handling issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in Xcode 12.4. A malicious application may be able to access arbitrary files on the host device while running an app that uses on-demand resources with Xcode.
CVE-2021-1801||This issue was addressed with improved iframe sandbox enforcement. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Maliciously crafted web content may violate iframe sandboxing policy.
CVE-2021-1802||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave. A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2021-1803||The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.0.1. A local application may be able to enumerate the user's iCloud documents.
CVE-2021-1805||An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.7 Supplemental Update, macOS Mojave 10.14.6 Security Update 2021-002. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1806||A race condition was addressed with additional validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.7 Supplemental Update, macOS Mojave 10.14.6 Security Update 2021-002. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1807||A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4. A local user may be able to write arbitrary files.
CVE-2021-1808||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. An application may be able to read restricted memory.
CVE-2021-1809||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A malicious application may be able to read restricted memory.
CVE-2021-1810||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina. A malicious application may bypass Gatekeeper checks.
CVE-2021-1811||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iTunes 12.11.3 for Windows, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iCloud for Windows 12.3, macOS Big Sur 11.3, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. Processing a maliciously crafted font may result in the disclosure of process memory.
CVE-2021-1812||A logic issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2021-1813||A validation issue was addressed with improved logic. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A malicious application may be able to gain root privileges.
CVE-2021-1814||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, watchOS 7.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1815||A parsing issue in the handling of directory paths was addressed with improved path validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. A local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file system.
CVE-2021-1816||A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1817||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1818||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, watchOS 7.3, tvOS 14.4, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1820||A memory initialization issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. Processing maliciously crafted web content may result in the disclosure of process memory.
CVE-2021-1821||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in watchOS 7.6, macOS Big Sur 11.5. Visiting a maliciously crafted webpage may lead to a system denial of service.
CVE-2021-1822||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. A local user may be able to modify protected parts of the file system.
CVE-2021-1824||This issue was addressed with improved entitlements. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina. A malicious application with root privileges may be able to access private information.
CVE-2021-1825||An input validation issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iTunes 12.11.3 for Windows, iCloud for Windows 12.3, macOS Big Sur 11.3, Safari 14.1, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a cross site scripting attack.
CVE-2021-1826||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal cross site scripting.
CVE-2021-1828||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. An application may be able to cause unexpected system termination or write kernel memory.
CVE-2021-1829||A type confusion issue was addressed with improved state handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1830||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A local user may be able to read kernel memory.
CVE-2021-1831||The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. An application may allow shortcuts to access restricted files.
CVE-2021-1832||Copied files may not have the expected file permissions. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic.
CVE-2021-1833||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. An application may be able to gain elevated privileges.
CVE-2021-1834||An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1835||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to access notes from the lock screen.
CVE-2021-1836||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, tvOS 14.5. A local user may be able to create or modify privileged files.
CVE-2021-1837||A certificate validation issue was addressed. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to alter network traffic.
CVE-2021-1838||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1839||The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2021-1840||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2021-1841||A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina. An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved bounds checking.
CVE-2021-1843||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1844||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.4.1 and iPadOS 14.4.1, Safari 14.0.3 (v. 14610.4.3.1.7 and 15610.4.3.1.7), watchOS 7.3.2, macOS Big Sur 11.2.3. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1846||Processing a maliciously crafted audio file may disclose restricted memory. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation.
CVE-2021-1847||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. Opening a maliciously crafted file may lead to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1848||The issue was addressed with improved UI handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A local user may be able to view sensitive information in the app switcher.
CVE-2021-1849||An issue in code signature validation was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. A malicious application may be able to bypass Privacy preferences.
CVE-2021-1851||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1852||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A local user may be able to read kernel memory.
CVE-2021-1853||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3. A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2021-1854||A call termination issue with was addressed with improved logic. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A legacy cellular network can automatically answer an incoming call when an ongoing call ends or drops. .
CVE-2021-1855||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3. A malicious website may be able to force unnecessary network connections to fetch its favicon.
CVE-2021-1857||A memory initialization issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iTunes 12.11.3 for Windows, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iCloud for Windows 12.3, macOS Big Sur 11.3, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. Processing maliciously crafted web content may disclose sensitive user information.
CVE-2021-1858||Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved bounds checking.
CVE-2021-1859||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3. Locked Notes content may have been unexpectedly unlocked.
CVE-2021-1860||A memory initialization issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A malicious application may be able to disclose kernel memory.
CVE-2021-1861||An issue existed in determining cache occupancy. The issue was addressed through improved logic. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3. A malicious website may be able to track users by setting state in a cache.
CVE-2021-1862||Description: A person with physical access may be able to access contacts. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. Impact: An issue with Siri search access to information was addressed with improved logic.
CVE-2021-1863||An issue existed with authenticating the action triggered by an NFC tag. The issue was addressed with improved action authentication. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to place phone calls to any phone number.
CVE-2021-1864||A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. An attacker with JavaScript execution may be able to execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2021-1865||An issue obscuring passwords in screenshots was addressed with improved logic. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A user's password may be visible on screen.
CVE-2021-1867||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1868||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2021-1870||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited..
CVE-2021-1871||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.2, Security Update 2021-001 Catalina, Security Update 2021-001 Mojave, iOS 14.4 and iPadOS 14.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited..
CVE-2021-1872||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, macOS Big Sur 11.3. Muting a CallKit call while ringing may not result in mute being enabled.
CVE-2021-1873||An API issue in Accessibility TCC permissions was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. A malicious application may be able to unexpectedly leak a user's credentials from secure text fields.
CVE-2021-1874||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2021-1875||A double free issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. Processing a maliciously crafted file may lead to heap corruption.
CVE-2021-1876||A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1877||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5. A local user may be able to read kernel memory.
CVE-2021-1878||An integer overflow was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave. An attacker in a privileged network position may be able to leak sensitive user information.
CVE-2021-1879||This issue was addressed by improved management of object lifetimes. This issue is fixed in iOS 12.5.2, iOS 14.4.2 and iPadOS 14.4.2, watchOS 7.3.3. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal cross site scripting. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited..
CVE-2021-1880||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, watchOS 7.4. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1881||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, Security Update 2021-003 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. Processing a maliciously crafted font file may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1882||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-002 Catalina, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. An application may be able to gain elevated privileges.
CVE-2021-1883||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-004 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, Security Update 2021-003 Catalina, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. Processing maliciously crafted server messages may lead to heap corruption.
CVE-2021-1884||A race condition was addressed with improved locking. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2021-004 Mojave, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, Security Update 2021-003 Catalina, tvOS 14.5, macOS Big Sur 11.3. A remote attacker may be able to cause a denial of service.
CVE-2021-1885||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in macOS Big Sur 11.3, iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5, watchOS 7.4, tvOS 14.5. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-1886||Incorrect handling of pointers in trusted application key import mechanism could cause memory corruption in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1887||An assertion can be reached in the WLAN subsystem while using the Wi-Fi Fine Timing Measurement protocol in Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1888||Memory corruption in key parsing and import function due to double freeing the same heap allocation in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1889||Possible buffer overflow due to lack of length check in Trusted Application in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1890||Improper length check of public exponent in RSA import key function could cause memory corruption. in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1891||A possible use-after-free occurrence in audio driver can happen when pointers are not properly handled in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1892||Memory corruption due to improper input validation while processing IO control which is nonstandard in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1894||Improper access control in TrustZone due to improper error handling while handling the signing key in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1895||Possible integer overflow due to improper length check while flashing an image in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1896||Weak configuration in WLAN could cause forwarding of unencrypted packets from one client to another in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity
CVE-2021-1897||Possible Buffer Over-read due to lack of validation of boundary checks when loading splash image in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1898||Possible buffer over-read due to incorrect overflow check when loading splash image in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1899||Possible buffer over read due to lack of length check while flashing meta images in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1900||Possible use after free in Display due to race condition while creating an external display in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1901||Possible buffer over-read due to lack of length check while flashing meta images in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1903||Possible denial of service scenario can occur due to lack of length check on Channel Switch Announcement IE in beacon or probe response frame in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1904||Child process can leak information from parent process due to numeric pids are getting compared and these pid can be reused in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1905||Possible use after free due to improper handling of memory mapping of multiple processes simultaneously. in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1906||Improper handling of address deregistration on failure can lead to new GPU address allocation failure. in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1907||Possible buffer overflow due to lack of length check in BA request in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1909||Buffer overflow occurs in trusted applications due to lack of length check of parameters in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1910||Double free in video due to lack of input buffer length check in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1912||Possible integer overflow can occur due to improper length check while calculating count and grace period in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1913||Possible integer overflow due to improper length check while updating grace period and count record in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1914||Loop with unreachable exit condition may occur due to improper handling of unsupported input in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1915||Buffer overflow can occur due to improper validation of NDP application information length in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1916||Possible buffer underflow due to lack of check for negative indices values when processing user provided input in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1917||Null pointer dereference can occur due to memory allocation failure in DIAG in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1918||Improper handling of resource allocation in virtual machines can lead to information exposure in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1919||Integer underflow can occur when the RTCP length is lesser than than the actual blocks present in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1920||Integer underflow can occur due to improper handling of incoming RTCP packets in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1921||Possible memory corruption due to Improper handling of hypervisor unmap operations for concurrent memory operations in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1923||Incorrect pointer argument passed to trusted application TA could result in un-intended memory operations in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT
CVE-2021-1924||Information disclosure through timing and power side-channels during mod exponentiation for RSA-CRT in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1925||Possible denial of service scenario due to improper handling of group management action frame in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1927||Possible use after free due to lack of null check while memory is being freed in FastRPC driver in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1928||Buffer over read could occur due to incorrect check of buffer size while flashing emmc devices in Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1929||Lack of strict validation of bootmode can lead to information disclosure in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1930||Possible out of bounds read due to incorrect validation of incoming buffer length in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1931||Possible buffer overflow due to improper validation of buffer length while processing fast boot commands in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1932||Improper access control in trusted application environment can cause unauthorized access to CDSP or ADSP VM memory with either privilege in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1933||UE assertion is possible due to improper validation of invite message with SDP body in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1934||Possible memory corruption due to improper check when application loader object is explicitly destructed while application is unloading in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT
CVE-2021-1935||Possible null pointer dereference due to lack of validation check for passed pointer during key import in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1936||Null pointer dereference can occur due to lack of null check for user provided input in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1937||Reachable assertion is possible while processing peer association WLAN message from host and nonstandard incoming packet in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1938||Possible assertion due to improper verification while creating and deleting the peer in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1939||Null pointer dereference occurs due to improper validation when the preemption feature enablement is toggled in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1940||Use after free can occur due to improper handling of response from firmware in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1941||Possible buffer over read issue due to improper length check on WPA IE string sent by peer in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1942||Improper handling of permissions of a shared memory region can lead to memory corruption in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1943||Possible buffer out of bound read can occur due to improper validation of TBTT count and length while parsing the beacon response in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1945||Possible out of bound read due to lack of length check of Bandwidth-NSS IE in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1946||Null Pointer Dereference may occur due to improper validation while processing crafted SDP body in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1947||Use-after-free vulnerability in kernel graphics driver because of storing an invalid pointer in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1948||Possible out of bound read due to lack of length check of data while parsing the beacon or probe response in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1949||Possible integer overflow due to improper check of batch count value while sanitizer is enabled in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1950||Improper cleaning of secure memory between authenticated users can lead to face authentication bypass in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1952||Possible buffer over read occurs due to lack of length check of request buffer in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1953||Improper handling of received malformed FTMR request frame can lead to reachable assertion while responding with FTM1 frame in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1954||Possible buffer over read due to improper validation of data pointer while parsing FILS indication IE in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1955||Denial of service in SAP case due to improper handling of connections when association is rejected in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1956||Improper handling of ASB-U packet with L2CAP channel ID by slave host can lead to interference with piconet in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1957||Improper Access Control when ACL link encryption is failed and ACL link is not disconnected during reconnection with paired device in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1958||A race condition in fastrpc kernel driver for dynamic process creation can lead to use after free scenario in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1959||Possible memory corruption due to lack of bound check of input index in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1960||Improper handling of ASB-C broadcast packets with crafted opcode in LMP can lead to uncontrolled resource consumption in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1961||Possible buffer overflow due to lack of offset length check while updating the buffer value in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1962||Buffer Overflow while processing IOCTL for getting peripheral endpoint information there is no proper validation for input maximum endpoint pair and its size in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1963||Possible use-after-free due to lack of validation for the rule count in filter table in IPA driver in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1964||Possible buffer over read due to improper validation of IE size while parsing beacon from peer device in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1965||Possible buffer overflow due to lack of parameter length check during MBSSID scan IE parse in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1966||Possible buffer overflow due to lack of length check of source and destination buffer before copying in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1967||Possible stack buffer overflow due to lack of check on the maximum number of post NAN discovery attributes while processing a NAN Match event in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1968||Improper validation of kernel buffer address while copying information back to user buffer can lead to kernel memory information exposure to user space in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1969||Improper validation of kernel buffer address while copying information back to user buffer can lead to kernel memory information exposure to user space in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1970||Possible out of bound read due to lack of length check of FT sub-elements in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1971||Possible assertion due to lack of physical layer state validation in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1972||Possible buffer overflow due to improper validation of device types during P2P search in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1973||A FTM Diag command can allow an arbitrary write into modem OS space in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1974||Possible buffer over read due to lack of alignment between map or unmap length of IPA SMMU and WLAN SMMU in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1975||Possible heap overflow due to improper length check of domain while parsing the DNS response in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1976||A use after free can occur due to improper validation of P2P device address in PD Request frame in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1977||Possible buffer over read due to improper validation of frame length while processing AEAD decryption during ASSOC response in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music
CVE-2021-1979||Possible buffer overflow due to improper validation of FTM command payload in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1980||Possible buffer over read due to lack of length check while parsing beacon IE response in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2021-1981||Possible buffer over read due to improper IE size check of Bearer capability IE in MT setup request from network in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1982||Possible denial of service scenario due to improper input validation of received NAS OTA message in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile
CVE-2021-1983||Possible buffer overflow due to improper handling of negative data length while processing write request in VR service in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1984||Possible buffer overflow due to improper validation of index value while processing the plugin block in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1985||Possible buffer over read due to lack of data length check in QVR Service configuration in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Wearables
CVE-2021-1993||Vulnerability in the Java VM component of Oracle Database Server. Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.0.2, 12.2.0.1, 18c and 19c. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows low privileged attacker having Create Session privilege with network access via Oracle Net to compromise Java VM. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Java VM accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.8 (Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:N).
CVE-2021-1994||Vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Web Services). Supported versions that are affected are 10.3.6.0.0 and 12.1.3.0.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Oracle WebLogic Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 9.8 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-1995||Vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Web Services). Supported versions that are affected are 10.3.6.0.0 and 12.1.3.0.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Oracle WebLogic Server accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.5 (Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:N).
CVE-2021-1996||Vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Web Services). Supported versions that are affected are 10.3.6.0.0 and 12.1.3.0.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle WebLogic Server accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 2.4 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-1997||Vulnerability in the Oracle Hospitality Reporting and Analytics product of Oracle Food and Beverage Applications (component: Report). The supported version that is affected is 9.1.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Hospitality Reporting and Analytics. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Oracle Hospitality Reporting and Analytics accessible data as well as unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle Hospitality Reporting and Analytics accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.1 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N).
CVE-2021-1998||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.20 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of MySQL Server accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 3.8 (Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-1999||Vulnerability in the Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance Kit product of Oracle Systems (component: RAS subsystems). The supported version that is affected is 8.8. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with logon to the infrastructure where Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance Kit executes to compromise Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance Kit. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance Kit, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance Kit accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 5.0 (Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:H/PR:H/UI:R/S:C/C:N/I:H/A:N).
CVE-2021-2000||Vulnerability in the Unified Audit component of Oracle Database Server. Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.0.2, 12.2.0.1, 18c and 19c. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker having SYS Account privilege with network access via Oracle Net to compromise Unified Audit. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Unified Audit accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 2.4 (Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:R/S:U/C:N/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20001||It was discovered, that debian-edu-config, a set of configuration files used for the Debian Edu blend, before 2.12.16 configured insecure permissions for the user web shares (~/public_html), which could result in privilege escalation.
CVE-2021-20002||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20003||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20004||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20005||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20006||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20007||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20008||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20009||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-2001||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 5.6.50 and prior, 5.7.30 and prior and 8.0.17 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20010||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20011||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20012||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20013||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20014||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20015||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2021. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20016||A SQL-Injection vulnerability in the SonicWall SSLVPN SMA100 product allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to perform SQL query to access username password and other session related information. This vulnerability impacts SMA100 build version 10.x.
CVE-2021-20017||A post-authenticated command injection vulnerability in SonicWall SMA100 allows an authenticated attacker to execute OS commands as a 'nobody' user. This vulnerability impacts SMA100 version 10.2.0.5 and earlier.
CVE-2021-20018||A post-authenticated vulnerability in SonicWall SMA100 allows an attacker to export the configuration file to the specified email address. This vulnerability impacts SMA100 version 10.2.0.5 and earlier.
CVE-2021-20019||A vulnerability in SonicOS where the HTTP server response leaks partial memory by sending a crafted HTTP request, this can potentially lead to an internal sensitive data disclosure vulnerability.
CVE-2021-2002||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Replication). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20020||A command execution vulnerability in SonicWall GMS 9.3 allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to locally escalate privilege to root.
CVE-2021-20021||A vulnerability in the SonicWall Email Security version 10.0.9.x allows an attacker to create an administrative account by sending a crafted HTTP request to the remote host.
CVE-2021-20022||SonicWall Email Security version 10.0.9.x contains a vulnerability that allows a post-authenticated attacker to upload an arbitrary file to the remote host.
CVE-2021-20023||SonicWall Email Security version 10.0.9.x contains a vulnerability that allows a post-authenticated attacker to read an arbitrary file on the remote host.
CVE-2021-20024||Multiple Out-of-Bound read vulnerability in SonicWall Switch when handling LLDP Protocol allows an attacker to cause a system instability or potentially read sensitive information from the memory locations.
CVE-2021-20025||SonicWall Email Security Virtual Appliance version 10.0.9 and earlier versions contain a default username and a password that is used at initial setup. An attacker could exploit this transitional/temporary user account from the trusted domain to access the Virtual Appliance remotely only when the device is freshly installed and not connected to Mysonicwall.
CVE-2021-20026||A vulnerability in the SonicWall NSM On-Prem product allows an authenticated attacker to perform OS command injection using a crafted HTTP request. This vulnerability affects NSM On-Prem 2.2.0-R10 and earlier versions.
CVE-2021-20027||A buffer overflow vulnerability in SonicOS allows a remote attacker to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) by sending a specially crafted request. This vulnerability affects SonicOS Gen5, Gen6, Gen7 platforms, and SonicOSv virtual firewalls.
CVE-2021-20028||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Improper neutralization of a SQL Command leading to SQL Injection vulnerability impacting end-of-life Secure Remote Access (SRA) products, specifically the SRA appliances running all 8.x firmware and 9.0.0.9-26sv or earlier.
CVE-2021-2003||Vulnerability in the Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Analytics Web Dashboards). Supported versions that are affected are 5.5.0.0.0, 11.1.1.9.0, 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 5.4 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20030||SonicWall GMS is vulnerable to file path manipulation resulting that an unauthenticated attacker can gain access to web directory containing application's binaries and configuration files.
CVE-2021-20031||A Host Header Redirection vulnerability in SonicOS potentially allows a remote attacker to redirect firewall management users to arbitrary web domains.
CVE-2021-20032||SonicWall Analytics 2.5 On-Prem is vulnerable to Java Debug Wire Protocol (JDWP) interface security misconfiguration vulnerability which potentially leads to Remote Code Execution. This vulnerability impacts Analytics On-Prem 2.5.2518 and earlier.
CVE-2021-20034||An improper access control vulnerability in SMA100 allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to bypass the path traversal checks and delete an arbitrary file potentially resulting in a reboot to factory default settings.
CVE-2021-20035||Improper neutralization of special elements in the SMA100 management interface allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject arbitrary commands as a 'nobody' user which potentially leads to DoS.
CVE-2021-20037||SonicWall Global VPN Client 4.10.5 installer (32-bit and 64-bit) incorrect default file permission vulnerability leads to privilege escalation which potentially allows command execution in the host operating system. This vulnerability impacts GVC 4.10.5 installer and earlier.
CVE-2021-20038||A Stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability in SMA100 Apache httpd server's mod_cgi module environment variables allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to potentially execute code as a 'nobody' user in the appliance. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances firmware 10.2.0.8-37sv, 10.2.1.1-19sv, 10.2.1.2-24sv and earlier versions.
CVE-2021-20039||Improper neutralization of special elements in the SMA100 management interface '/cgi-bin/viewcert' POST http method allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject arbitrary commands as a 'nobody' user. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances.
CVE-2021-2004||Vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server BizLogic Script product of Oracle Siebel CRM (component: Integration - Scripting). Supported versions that are affected are 20.12 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Siebel Core - Server BizLogic Script. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of Siebel Core - Server BizLogic Script accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.3 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20040||A relative path traversal vulnerability in the SMA100 upload funtion allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to upload crafted web pages or files as a 'nobody' user. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances.
CVE-2021-20041||An unauthenticated and remote adversary can consume all of the device's CPU due to crafted HTTP requests sent to SMA100 /fileshare/sonicfiles/sonicfiles resulting in a loop with unreachable exit condition. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances.
CVE-2021-20042||An unauthenticated remote attacker can use SMA 100 as an unintended proxy or intermediary undetectable proxy to bypass firewall rules. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances.
CVE-2021-20043||A Heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability in SonicWall SMA100 getBookmarks method allows a remote authenticated attacker to potentially execute code as the nobody user in the appliance. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances.
CVE-2021-20044||A post-authentication remote command injection vulnerability in SonicWall SMA100 allows a remote authenticated attacker to execute OS system commands in the appliance. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances.
CVE-2021-20045||A buffer overflow vulnerability in SMA100 sonicfiles RAC_COPY_TO (RacNumber 36) method allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to potentially execute code as the 'nobody' user in the appliance. This vulnerability affected SMA 200, 210, 400, 410 and 500v appliances.
CVE-2021-20046||A Stack-based buffer overflow in the SonicOS HTTP Content-Length response header allows a remote authenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) and potentially results in code execution in the firewall. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5, Gen 6 and Gen 7 firmware versions.
CVE-2021-20047||SonicWall Global VPN client version 4.10.6 (32-bit and 64-bit) and earlier have a DLL Search Order Hijacking vulnerability. Successful exploitation via a local attacker could result in remote code execution in the target system.
CVE-2021-20048||A Stack-based buffer overflow in the SonicOS SessionID HTTP response header allows a remote authenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) and potentially results in code execution in the firewall. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5, Gen 6 and Gen 7 firmware versions.
CVE-2021-20049||A vulnerability in SonicWall SMA100 password change API allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to perform SMA100 username enumeration based on the server responses. This vulnerability impacts 10.2.1.2-24sv, 10.2.0.8-37sv and earlier 10.x versions.
CVE-2021-2005||Vulnerability in the Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: BI Platform Security). Supported versions that are affected are 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.7 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20050||An Improper Access Control Vulnerability in the SMA100 series leads to multiple restricted management APIs being accessible without a user login, potentially exposing configuration meta-data.
CVE-2021-20051||SonicWall Global VPN Client 4.10.7.1117 installer (32-bit and 64-bit) and earlier versions have a DLL Search Order Hijacking vulnerability in one of the installer components. Successful exploitation via a local attacker could result in command execution in the target system.
CVE-2021-2006||Vulnerability in the MySQL Client product of Oracle MySQL (component: C API). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.19 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Client. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Client. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 5.3 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20066||JSDom improperly allows the loading of local resources, which allows for local files to be manipulated by a malicious web page when script execution is enabled.
CVE-2021-20067||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows attackers to view sensitive syslog events without authentication.
CVE-2021-20068||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows attackers to conduct cross-site scripting attacks via the error handling functionality of web pages.
CVE-2021-20069||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows attackers to conduct cross-site scripting attacks via the regionalSettings.php dialogs.
CVE-2021-2007||Vulnerability in the MySQL Client product of Oracle MySQL (component: C API). Supported versions that are affected are 5.6.47 and prior, 5.7.29 and prior and 8.0.19 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Client. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of MySQL Client accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 3.7 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20070||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows attackers to conduct cross-site scriptings attacks via the virtualization.php dialogs.
CVE-2021-20071||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows attackers to conduct cross-site scriptings attacks via the sms.php dialogs.
CVE-2021-20072||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows attackers to arbitrarily access and delete files via an authenticated directory traveral.
CVE-2021-20073||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows for cross-site request forgeries.
CVE-2021-20074||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows users to escape the provided command line interface and execute arbitrary OS commands.
CVE-2021-20075||Racom's MIDGE Firmware 4.4.40.105 contains an issue that allows for privilege escalation via configd.
CVE-2021-20076||Tenable.sc and Tenable.sc Core versions 5.13.0 through 5.17.0 were found to contain a vulnerability that could allow an authenticated, unprivileged user to perform Remote Code Execution (RCE) on the Tenable.sc server via Hypertext Preprocessor unserialization.
CVE-2021-20077||Nessus Agent versions 7.2.0 through 8.2.2 were found to inadvertently capture the IAM role security token on the local host during initial linking of the Nessus Agent when installed on an Amazon EC2 instance. This could allow a privileged attacker to obtain the token.
CVE-2021-20078||Manage Engine OpManager builds below 125346 are vulnerable to a remote denial of service vulnerability due to a path traversal issue in spark gateway component. This allows a remote attacker to remotely delete any directory or directories on the OS.
CVE-2021-20079||Nessus versions 8.13.2 and earlier were found to contain a privilege escalation vulnerability which could allow a Nessus administrator user to upload a specially crafted file that could lead to gaining administrator privileges on the Nessus host.
CVE-2021-2008||Vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager for Fusion Middleware product of Oracle Enterprise Manager (component: FMW Control Plugin). The supported version that is affected are 11.1.1.9 and 12.2.1.3 Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Enterprise Manager for Fusion Middleware. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Enterprise Manager for Fusion Middleware accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Enterprise Manager for Fusion Middleware accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Enterprise Manager for Fusion Middleware. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.3 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-20080||Insufficient output sanitization in ManageEngine ServiceDesk Plus before version 11200 and ManageEngine AssetExplorer before version 6800 allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to conduct persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks by uploading a crafted XML asset file.
CVE-2021-20081||Incomplete List of Disallowed Inputs in ManageEngine ServiceDesk Plus before version 11205 allows a remote, authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands with SYSTEM privileges.
CVE-2021-20083||Improperly Controlled Modification of Object Prototype Attributes ('Prototype Pollution') in jquery-plugin-query-object 2.2.3 allows a malicious user to inject properties into Object.prototype.
CVE-2021-20084||Improperly Controlled Modification of Object Prototype Attributes ('Prototype Pollution') in jquery-sparkle 1.5.2-beta allows a malicious user to inject properties into Object.prototype.
CVE-2021-20085||Improperly Controlled Modification of Object Prototype Attributes ('Prototype Pollution') in backbone-query-parameters 0.4.0 allows a malicious user to inject properties into Object.prototype.
CVE-2021-20086||Improperly Controlled Modification of Object Prototype Attributes ('Prototype Pollution') in jquery-bbq 1.2.1 allows a malicious user to inject properties into Object.prototype.
CVE-2021-20087||Improperly Controlled Modification of Object Prototype Attributes ('Prototype Pollution') in jquery-deparam 0.5.1 allows a malicious user to inject properties into Object.prototype.
CVE-2021-20088||Improperly Controlled Modification of Object Prototype Attributes ('Prototype Pollution') in mootools-more 1.6.0 allows a malicious user to inject properties into Object.prototype.
CVE-2021-20089||Improperly Controlled Modification of Object Prototype Attributes ('Prototype Pollution') in purl 2.3.2 allows a malicious user to inject properties into Object.prototype.
CVE-2021-2009||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Security: Roles). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.19 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20090||A path traversal vulnerability in the web interfaces of Buffalo WSR-2533DHPL2 firmware version <= 1.02 and WSR-2533DHP3 firmware version <= 1.24 could allow unauthenticated remote attackers to bypass authentication.
CVE-2021-20091||The web interfaces of Buffalo WSR-2533DHPL2 firmware version <= 1.02 and WSR-2533DHP3 firmware version <= 1.24 do not properly sanitize user input. An authenticated remote attacker could leverage this vulnerability to alter device configuration, potentially gaining remote code execution.
CVE-2021-20092||The web interfaces of Buffalo WSR-2533DHPL2 firmware version <= 1.02 and WSR-2533DHP3 firmware version <= 1.24 do not properly restrict access to sensitive information from an unauthorized actor.
CVE-2021-20093||A buffer over-read vulnerability exists in Wibu-Systems CodeMeter versions < 7.21a. An unauthenticated remote attacker can exploit this issue to disclose heap memory contents or crash the CodeMeter Runtime Server.
CVE-2021-20094||A denial of service vulnerability exists in Wibu-Systems CodeMeter versions < 7.21a. An unauthenticated remote attacker can exploit this issue to crash the CodeMeter Runtime Server.
CVE-2021-20095||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20096||Cross-site request forgery in OpenOversight 0.6.4 allows a remote attacker to perform sensitive application actions by tricking legitimate users into clicking a crafted link.
CVE-2021-20099||Nessus Agent 8.2.4 and earlier for Windows were found to contain multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities which could allow an authenticated, local administrator to run specific Windows executables as the Nessus host. This is different than CVE-2021-20100.
CVE-2021-2010||Vulnerability in the MySQL Client product of Oracle MySQL (component: C API). Supported versions that are affected are 5.6.50 and prior, 5.7.32 and prior and 8.0.22 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Client. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of MySQL Client accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of MySQL Client. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.2 (Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-20100||Nessus Agent 8.2.4 and earlier for Windows were found to contain multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities which could allow an authenticated, local administrator to run specific Windows executables as the Nessus host. This is different than CVE-2021-20099.
CVE-2021-20101||Machform prior to version 16 is vulnerable to HTTP host header injection due to improperly validated host headers. This could cause a victim to receive malformed content.
CVE-2021-20102||Machform prior to version 16 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery due to a lack of CSRF tokens in place.
CVE-2021-20103||Machform prior to version 16 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting due to insufficient sanitization of file attachments uploaded with forms through upload.php.
CVE-2021-20104||Machform prior to version 16 is vulnerable to unauthenticated remote code execution due to insufficient sanitization of file attachments uploaded with forms through upload.php.
CVE-2021-20105||Machform prior to version 16 is vulnerable to an open redirect in Safari_init.php due to an improperly sanitized 'ref' parameter.
CVE-2021-20106||Nessus Agent versions 8.2.5 and earlier were found to contain a privilege escalation vulnerability which could allow a Nessus administrator user to upload a specially crafted file that could lead to gaining administrator privileges on the Nessus host.
CVE-2021-20107||There exists an unauthenticated BLE Interface in Sloan SmartFaucets including Optima EAF, Optima ETF/EBF, BASYS EFX, and Flushometers including SOLIS. The vulnerability allows for unauthenticated kinetic effects and information disclosure on the faucets. It is possible to use the Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) connectivity to read and write to many BLE characteristics on the device. Some of these control the flow of water, the sensitivity of the sensors, and information about maintenance.
CVE-2021-20108||Manage Engine Asset Explorer Agent 1.0.34 listens on port 9000 for incoming commands over HTTPS from Manage Engine Server. The HTTPS certificates are not verified which allows any arbitrary user on the network to send commands over port 9000. While these commands may not be executed (due to authtoken validation), the Asset Explorer agent will reach out to the manage engine server for an HTTP request. During this process, AEAgent.cpp allocates 0x66 bytes using "malloc". This memory is never free-ed in the program, causing a memory leak. Additionally, the instruction sent to aeagent (ie: NEWSCAN, DELTASCAN, etc) is converted to a unicode string, but is never freed. These memory leaks allow a remote attacker to exploit a Denial of Service scenario through repetitively sending these commands to an agent and eventually crashing it the agent due to an out-of-memory condition.
CVE-2021-20109||Due to the Asset Explorer agent not validating HTTPS certificates, an attacker on the network can statically configure their IP address to match the Asset Explorer's Server IP address. This will allow an attacker to send a NEWSCAN request to a listening agent on the network as well as receive the agent's HTTP request verifying its authtoken. In AEAgent.cpp, the agent responding back over HTTP is vulnerable to a Heap Overflow if the POST payload response is too large. The POST payload response is converted to Unicode using vswprintf. This is written to a buffer only 0x2000 bytes big. If POST payload is larger, then heap overflow will occur.
CVE-2021-2011||Vulnerability in the MySQL Client product of Oracle MySQL (component: C API). Supported versions that are affected are 5.7.32 and prior and 8.0.22 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Client. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Client. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 5.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20110||Due to Manage Engine Asset Explorer Agent 1.0.34 not validating HTTPS certificates, an attacker on the network can statically configure their IP address to match the Asset Explorer's Server IP address. This will allow an attacker to send a NEWSCAN request to a listening agent on the network as well as receive the agent's HTTP request verifying its authtoken. In httphandler.cpp, the agent reaching out over HTTP is vulnerable to an Integer Overflow, which can be turned into a Heap Overflow allowing for remote code execution as NT AUTHORITY/SYSTEM on the agent machine. The Integer Overflow occurs when receiving POST response from the Manage Engine server, and the agent calling "HttpQueryInfoW" in order to get the "Content-Length" size from the incoming POST request. This size is taken, but multiplied to a larger amount. If an attacker specifies a Content-Length size of 1073741823 or larger, this integer arithmetic will wrap the value back around to smaller integer, then calls "calloc" with this size to allocate memory. The following API "InternetReadFile" will copy the POST data into this buffer, which will be too small for the contents, and cause heap overflow.
CVE-2021-20111||A stored cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in TCExam <= 14.8.1. Valid files uploaded via tce_filemanager.php with a filename beggining with a period will be rendered as text/html. An attacker with access to tce_filemanager.php could upload a malicious javascript payload which would be triggered when another user views the file.
CVE-2021-20112||A stored cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in TCExam <= 14.8.1. Valid files uploaded via tce_select_mediafile.php with a filename beggining with a period will be rendered as text/html. An attacker with access to tce_select_mediafile.php could upload a malicious javascript payload which would be triggered when another user views the file.
CVE-2021-20113||An exposure of sensitive information vulnerability exists in TCExam <= 14.8.1. If a password reset request was made for an email address that was not registered with a user then we would be presented with an unknown email error. If an email is given that is registered with a user then this error will not appear. A malicious actor could abuse this to enumerate the email addresses of
CVE-2021-20114||When installed following the default/recommended settings, TCExam <= 14.8.1 allowed unauthenticated users to access the /cache/backup/ directory, which included sensitive database backup files.
CVE-2021-20115||A reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in TCExam <= 14.8.3. The paths provided in the f, d, and dir parameters in tce_filemanager.php were not properly validated and could cause reflected XSS via the unsanitized output of the path supplied. An attacker could craft a malicious link which, if triggered by an administrator, could result in the attacker hijacking the victim's session or performing actions on their behalf.
CVE-2021-20116||A reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in TCExam <= 14.8.4. The paths provided in the f, d, and dir parameters in tce_select_mediafile.php were not properly validated and could cause reflected XSS via the unsanitized output of the path supplied. An attacker could craft a malicious link which, if triggered by an administrator, could result in the attacker hijacking the victim's session or performing actions on their behalf.
CVE-2021-20117||Nessus Agent 8.3.0 and earlier was found to contain a local privilege escalation vulnerability which could allow an authenticated, local administrator to run specific executables on the Nessus Agent host. This is different than CVE-2021-20118.
CVE-2021-20118||Nessus Agent 8.3.0 and earlier was found to contain a local privilege escalation vulnerability which could allow an authenticated, local administrator to run specific executables on the Nessus Agent host. This is different than CVE-2021-20117.
CVE-2021-20119||The password change utility for the Arris SurfBoard SB8200 can have safety measures bypassed that allow any logged-in user to change the administrator password.
CVE-2021-2012||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Security: Privileges). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.20 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20120||The administration web interface for the Arris Surfboard SB8200 lacks any protections against cross-site request forgery attacks. This means that an attacker could make configuration changes (such as changing the administrative password) without the consent of the user.
CVE-2021-20121||The Telus Wi-Fi Hub (PRV65B444A-S-TS) with firmware version 3.00.20 is vulnerable to an authenticated arbitrary file read. An authenticated user with physical access to the device can read arbitrary files from the device by preparing and connecting a specially prepared USB drive to the device, and making a series of crafted requests to the device's web interface.
CVE-2021-20122||The Telus Wi-Fi Hub (PRV65B444A-S-TS) with firmware version 3.00.20 is affected by an authenticated command injection vulnerability in multiple parameters passed to tr69_cmd.cgi. A remote attacker connected to the router's LAN and authenticated with a super user account, or using a bypass authentication vulnerability like CVE-2021-20090 could leverage this issue to run commands or gain a shell as root on the target device.
CVE-2021-20123||A local file inclusion vulnerability exists in Draytek VigorConnect 1.6.0-B3 in the file download functionality of the DownloadFileServlet endpoint. An unauthenticated attacker could leverage this vulnerability to download arbitrary files from the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-20124||A local file inclusion vulnerability exists in Draytek VigorConnect 1.6.0-B3 in the file download functionality of the WebServlet endpoint. An unauthenticated attacker could leverage this vulnerability to download arbitrary files from the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-20125||An arbitrary file upload and directory traversal vulnerability exists in the file upload functionality of DownloadFileServlet in Draytek VigorConnect 1.6.0-B3. An unauthenticated attacker could leverage this vulnerability to upload files to any location on the target operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-20126||Draytek VigorConnect 1.6.0-B3 lacks cross-site request forgery protections and does not sufficiently verify whether a well-formed, valid, consistent request was intentionally provided by the user who submitted the request.
CVE-2021-20127||An arbitrary file deletion vulnerability exists in the file delete functionality of the Html5Servlet endpoint of Draytek VigorConnect 1.6.0-B3. This allows an authenticated user to arbitrarily delete files in any location on the target operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2021-20128||The Profile Name field in the floor plan (Network Menu) page in Draytek VigorConnect 1.6.0-B3 was found to be vulnerable to stored XSS, as user input is not properly sanitized.
CVE-2021-20129||An information disclosure vulnerability exists in Draytek VigorConnect 1.6.0-B3, allowing an unauthenticated attacker to export system logs.
CVE-2021-2013||Vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: BI Publisher Security). Supported versions that are affected are 5.5.0.0.0, 11.1.1.9.0, 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle BI Publisher. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle BI Publisher accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle BI Publisher accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle BI Publisher. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-20130||ManageEngine ADManager Plus Build 7111 contains a post-authentication remote code execution vulnerability due to improperly validated file uploads in the PasswordExpiry interface.
CVE-2021-20131||ManageEngine ADManager Plus Build 7111 contains a post-authentication remote code execution vulnerability due to improperly validated file uploads in the Personalization interface.
CVE-2021-20132||Quagga Services on D-Link DIR-2640 less than or equal to version 1.11B02 use default hard-coded credentials, which can allow a remote attacker to gain administrative access to the zebra or ripd those services. Both are running with root privileges on the router (i.e., as the "admin" user, UID 0).
CVE-2021-20133||Quagga Services on D-Link DIR-2640 less than or equal to version 1.11B02 are affected by an absolute path traversal vulnerability that allows a remote, authenticated attacker to set the "message of the day" banner to any file on the system, allowing them to read all or some of the contents of those files. Such sensitive information as hashed credentials, hardcoded plaintext passwords for other services, configuration files, and private keys can be disclosed in this fashion. Improper handling of filenames that identify virtual resources, such as "/dev/urandom" allows an attacker to effect a denial of service attack against the command line interfaces of the Quagga services (zebra and ripd).
CVE-2021-20134||Quagga Services on D-Link DIR-2640 less than or equal to version 1.11B02 are affected by an absolute path traversal vulnerability that allows a remote, authenticated attacker to set an arbitrary file on the router's filesystem as the log file used by either Quagga service (zebra or ripd). Subsequent log messages will be appended to the file, prefixed by a timestamp and some logging metadata. Remote code execution can be achieved by using this vulnerability to append to a shell script on the router's filesystem, and then awaiting or triggering the execution of that script. A remote, unauthenticated root shell can easily be obtained on the device in this fashion.
CVE-2021-20135||Nessus versions 8.15.2 and earlier were found to contain a local privilege escalation vulnerability which could allow an authenticated, local administrator to run specific executables on the Nessus Agent host. Tenable has included a fix for this issue in Nessus 10.0.0. The installation files can be obtained from the Tenable Downloads Portal (https://www.tenable.com/downloads/nessus).
CVE-2021-20136||ManageEngine Log360 Builds < 5235 are affected by an improper access control vulnerability allowing database configuration overwrite. An unauthenticated remote attacker can send a specially crafted message to Log360 to change its backend database to an attacker-controlled database and to force Log360 to restart. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to achieve remote code execution by replacing files executed by Log360 on startup.
CVE-2021-20137||A reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability exists in the url parameter of the /cgi-bin/luci/site_access/ page on the Gryphon Tower router's web interface. An attacker could exploit this issue by tricking a user into following a specially crafted link, granting the attacker javascript execution in the context of the victim's browser.
CVE-2021-20138||An unauthenticated command injection vulnerability exists in multiple parameters in the Gryphon Tower routers web interface at /cgi-bin/luci/rc. An unauthenticated remote attacker on the same network can execute commands as root on the device by sending a specially crafted malicious packet to the web interface.
CVE-2021-20139||An unauthenticated command injection vulnerability exists in the parameters of operation 3 in the controller_server service on Gryphon Tower routers. An unauthenticated remote attacker on the same network can execute commands as root on the device by sending a specially crafted malicious packet to the controller_server service on port 9999.
CVE-2021-2014||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: PAM Auth Plugin). Supported versions that are affected are 5.7.32 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20140||An unauthenticated command injection vulnerability exists in the parameters of operation 10 in the controller_server service on Gryphon Tower routers. An unauthenticated remote attacker on the same network can execute commands as root on the device by sending a specially crafted malicious packet to the controller_server service on port 9999.
CVE-2021-20141||An unauthenticated command injection vulnerability exists in the parameters of operation 32 in the controller_server service on Gryphon Tower routers. An unauthenticated remote attacker on the same network can execute commands as root on the device by sending a specially crafted malicious packet to the controller_server service on port 9999.
CVE-2021-20142||An unauthenticated command injection vulnerability exists in the parameters of operation 41 in the controller_server service on Gryphon Tower routers. An unauthenticated remote attacker on the same network can execute commands as root on the device by sending a specially crafted malicious packet to the controller_server service on port 9999.
CVE-2021-20143||An unauthenticated command injection vulnerability exists in the parameters of operation 48 in the controller_server service on Gryphon Tower routers. An unauthenticated remote attacker on the same network can execute commands as root on the device by sending a specially crafted malicious packet to the controller_server service on port 9999.
CVE-2021-20144||An unauthenticated command injection vulnerability exists in the parameters of operation 49 in the controller_server service on Gryphon Tower routers. An unauthenticated remote attacker on the same network can execute commands as root on the device by sending a specially crafted malicious packet to the controller_server service on port 9999.
CVE-2021-20145||Gryphon Tower routers contain an unprotected openvpn configuration file which can grant attackers access to the Gryphon homebound VPN network which exposes the LAN interfaces of other users' devices connected to the same service. An attacker could leverage this to make configuration changes to, or otherwise attack victims' devices as though they were on an adjacent network.
CVE-2021-20146||An unprotected ssh private key exists on the Gryphon devices which could be used to achieve root access to a server affiliated with Gryphon's development and infrastructure. At the time of discovery, the ssh key could be used to login to the development server hosted in Amazon Web Services.
CVE-2021-20147||ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus below build 6116 contains an observable response discrepancy in the UMCP operation of the ChangePasswordAPI. This allows an unauthenticated remote attacker to determine whether a Windows domain user exists.
CVE-2021-20148||ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus below build 6116 stores the password policy file for each domain under the html/ web root with a predictable filename based on the domain name. When ADSSP is configured with multiple Windows domains, a user from one domain can obtain the password policy for another domain by authenticating to the service and then sending a request specifying the password policy file of the other domain.
CVE-2021-20149||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 does not have sufficient access controls for the WAN interface. The default iptables ruleset for governing access to services on the device only apply to IPv4. All services running on the devices are accessible via the WAN interface via IPv6 by default.
CVE-2021-2015||Vulnerability in the Oracle Workflow product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Worklist). Supported versions that are affected are 12.2.3-12.2.10. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Workflow. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Workflow, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle Workflow accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Workflow accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20150||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 improperly discloses information via redirection from the setup wizard. Authentication can be bypassed and a user may view information as Admin by manually browsing to the setup wizard and forcing it to redirect to the desired page.
CVE-2021-20151||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 contains a flaw in the session management for the device. The router's management software manages web sessions based on IP address rather than verifying client cookies/session tokens/etc. This allows an attacker (whether from a different computer, different web browser on the same machine, etc.) to take over an existing session. This does require the attacker to be able to spoof or take over original IP address of the original user's session.
CVE-2021-20152||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 lacks proper authentication to the bittorrent functionality. If enabled, anyone is able to visit and modify settings and files via the Bittorent web client by visiting: http://192.168.10.1:9091/transmission/web/
CVE-2021-20153||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 contains a symlink vulnerability in the bittorrent functionality. If enabled, the bittorrent functionality is vulnerable to a symlink attack that could lead to remote code execution on the device. If an end user inserts a flash drive with a malicious symlink on it that the bittorrent client can write downloads to, then a user is able to download arbitrary files to any desired location on the devices filesystem, which could lead to remote code execution. Example directories vulnerable to this include "config", "downloads", and "torrents", though it should be noted that "downloads" is the only vector that allows for arbitrary files to be downloaded to arbitrary locations.
CVE-2021-20154||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 contains an security flaw in the web interface. HTTPS is not enabled on the device by default. This results in cleartext transmission of sensitive information such as passwords.
CVE-2021-20155||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 makes use of hardcoded credentials. It is possible to backup and restore device configurations via the management web interface. These devices are encrypted using a hardcoded password of "12345678".
CVE-2021-20156||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 contains an improper access control configuration that could allow for a malicious firmware update. It is possible to manually install firmware that may be malicious in nature as there does not appear to be any signature validation done to determine if it is from a known and trusted source. This includes firmware updates that are done via the automated "check for updates" in the admin interface. If an attacker is able to masquerade as the update server, the device will not verify that the firmware updates downloaded are legitimate.
CVE-2021-20157||It is possible for an unauthenticated, malicious user to force the device to reboot due to a hidden administrative command.
CVE-2021-20158||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 contains an authentication bypass vulnerability. It is possible for an unauthenticated, malicous actor to force the change of the admin password due to a hidden administrative command.
CVE-2021-20159||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 is vulnerable to command injection. The system log functionality of the firmware allows for command injection as root by supplying a malformed parameter.
CVE-2021-2016||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.19 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20160||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 contains a command injection vulnerability in the smb functionality of the device. The username parameter used when configuring smb functionality for the device is vulnerable to command injection as root.
CVE-2021-20161||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 does not have sufficient protections for the UART functionality. A malicious actor with physical access to the device is able to connect to the UART port via a serial connection. No username or password is required and the user is given a root shell with full control of the device.
CVE-2021-20162||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 stores credentials in plaintext. Usernames and passwords are stored in plaintext in the config files on the device. For example, /etc/config/cameo contains the admin password in plaintext.
CVE-2021-20163||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 leaks information via the ftp web page. Usernames and passwords for all ftp users are revealed in plaintext on the ftpserver.asp page.
CVE-2021-20164||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 improperly discloses credentials for the smb functionality of the device. Usernames and passwords for all smb users are revealed in plaintext on the smbserver.asp page.
CVE-2021-20165||Trendnet AC2600 TEW-827DRU version 2.08B01 does not properly implement csrf protections. Most pages lack proper usage of CSRF protections or mitigations. Additionally, pages that do make use of CSRF tokens are trivially bypassable as the server does not appear to validate them properly (i.e. re-using an old token or finding the token thru some other method is possible).
CVE-2021-20166||Netgear RAX43 version 1.0.3.96 contains a buffer overrun vulnerability. The URL parsing functionality in the cgi-bin endpoint of the router containers a buffer overrun issue that can redirection control flow of the applicaiton.
CVE-2021-20167||Netgear RAX43 version 1.0.3.96 contains a command injection vulnerability. The readycloud cgi application is vulnerable to command injection in the name parameter.
CVE-2021-20168||Netgear RAX43 version 1.0.3.96 does not have sufficient protections to the UART interface. A malicious actor with physical access to the device is able to connect to the UART port via a serial connection, login with default credentials, and execute commands as the root user. These default credentials are admin:admin.
CVE-2021-20169||Netgear RAX43 version 1.0.3.96 does not utilize secure communications to the web interface. By default, all communication to/from the device is sent via HTTP, which causes potentially sensitive information (such as usernames and passwords) to be transmitted in cleartext.
CVE-2021-2017||Vulnerability in the Oracle User Management product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Proxy User Delegation). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.3 and 12.2.3-12.2.10. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle User Management. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle User Management accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.3 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20170||Netgear RAX43 version 1.0.3.96 makes use of hardcoded credentials. It does not appear that normal users are intended to be able to manipulate configuration backups due to the fact that they are encrypted. This encryption is accomplished via a password-protected zip file with a hardcoded password (RAX50w!a4udk). By unzipping the configuration using this password, a user can reconfigure settings not intended to be manipulated, re-zip the configuration, and restore a backup causing these settings to be changed.
CVE-2021-20171||Netgear RAX43 version 1.0.3.96 stores sensitive information in plaintext. All usernames and passwords for the device's associated services are stored in plaintext on the device. For example, the admin password is stored in plaintext in the primary configuration file on the device.
CVE-2021-20172||All known versions of the Netgear Genie Installer for macOS contain a local privilege escalation vulnerability. The installer of the macOS version of Netgear Genie handles certain files in an insecure way. A malicious actor who has local access to the endpoint on which the software is going to be installed may overwrite certain files to obtain privilege escalation to root.
CVE-2021-20173||Netgear Nighthawk R6700 version 1.0.4.120 contains a command injection vulnerability in update functionality of the device. By triggering a system update check via the SOAP interface, the device is susceptible to command injection via preconfigured values.
CVE-2021-20174||Netgear Nighthawk R6700 version 1.0.4.120 does not utilize secure communication methods to the web interface. By default, all communication to/from the device's web interface is sent via HTTP, which causes potentially sensitive information (such as usernames and passwords) to be transmitted in cleartext.
CVE-2021-20175||Netgear Nighthawk R6700 version 1.0.4.120 does not utilize secure communication methods to the SOAP interface. By default, all communication to/from the device's SOAP Interface (port 5000) is sent via HTTP, which causes potentially sensitive information (such as usernames and passwords) to be transmitted in cleartext
CVE-2021-20176||A divide-by-zero flaw was found in ImageMagick 6.9.11-57 and 7.0.10-57 in gem.c. This flaw allows an attacker who submits a crafted file that is processed by ImageMagick to trigger undefined behavior through a division by zero. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20177||A flaw was found in the Linux kernel's implementation of string matching within a packet. A privileged user (with root or CAP_NET_ADMIN) when inserting iptables rules could insert a rule which can panic the system. Kernel before kernel 5.5-rc1 is affected.
CVE-2021-20178||A flaw was found in ansible module where credentials are disclosed in the console log by default and not protected by the security feature when using the bitbucket_pipeline_variable module. This flaw allows an attacker to steal bitbucket_pipeline credentials. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20179||A flaw was found in pki-core. An attacker who has successfully compromised a key could use this flaw to renew the corresponding certificate over and over again, as long as it is not explicitly revoked. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2021-2018||Vulnerability in the Advanced Networking Option component of Oracle Database Server. Supported versions that are affected are 18c and 19c. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via Oracle Net to compromise Advanced Networking Option. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Advanced Networking Option, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Advanced Networking Option. Note: CVE-2021-2018 affects Windows platform only. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.3 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20180||A flaw was found in ansible module where credentials are disclosed in the console log by default and not protected by the security feature when using the bitbucket_pipeline_variable module. This flaw allows an attacker to steal bitbucket_pipeline credentials. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20181||A race condition flaw was found in the 9pfs server implementation of QEMU up to and including 5.2.0. This flaw allows a malicious 9p client to cause a use-after-free error, potentially escalating their privileges on the system. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20182||A privilege escalation flaw was found in openshift4/ose-docker-builder. The build container runs with high privileges using a chrooted environment instead of runc. If an attacker can gain access to this build container, they can potentially utilize the raw devices of the underlying node, such as the network and storage devices, to at least escalate their privileges to that of the cluster admin. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20183||It was found in Moodle before version 3.10.1 that some search inputs were vulnerable to reflected XSS due to insufficient escaping of search queries.
CVE-2021-20184||It was found in Moodle before version 3.10.1, 3.9.4 and 3.8.7 that a insufficient capability checks in some grade related web services meant students were able to view other students grades.
CVE-2021-20185||It was found in Moodle before version 3.10.1, 3.9.4, 3.8.7 and 3.5.16 that messaging did not impose a character limit when sending messages, which could result in client-side (browser) denial of service for users receiving very large messages.
CVE-2021-20186||It was found in Moodle before version 3.10.1, 3.9.4, 3.8.7 and 3.5.16 that if the TeX notation filter was enabled, additional sanitizing of TeX content was required to prevent the risk of stored XSS.
CVE-2021-20187||It was found in Moodle before version 3.10.1, 3.9.4, 3.8.7 and 3.5.16 that it was possible for site administrators to execute arbitrary PHP scripts via a PHP include used during Shibboleth authentication.
CVE-2021-20188||A flaw was found in podman before 1.7.0. File permissions for non-root users running in a privileged container are not correctly checked. This flaw can be abused by a low-privileged user inside the container to access any other file in the container, even if owned by the root user inside the container. It does not allow to directly escape the container, though being a privileged container means that a lot of security features are disabled when running the container. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20189||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-2019||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Security: Privileges). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.19 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of MySQL Server accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 2.7 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20190||A flaw was found in jackson-databind before 2.9.10.7. FasterXML mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20191||A flaw was found in ansible. Credentials, such as secrets, are being disclosed in console log by default and not protected by no_log feature when using those modules. An attacker can take advantage of this information to steal those credentials. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality. Versions before ansible 2.9.18 are affected.
CVE-2021-20192||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20193||A flaw was found in the src/list.c of tar 1.33 and earlier. This flaw allows an attacker who can submit a crafted input file to tar to cause uncontrolled consumption of memory. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20194||There is a vulnerability in the linux kernel versions higher than 5.2 (if kernel compiled with config params CONFIG_BPF_SYSCALL=y , CONFIG_BPF=y , CONFIG_CGROUPS=y , CONFIG_CGROUP_BPF=y , CONFIG_HARDENED_USERCOPY not set, and BPF hook to getsockopt is registered). As result of BPF execution, the local user can trigger bug in __cgroup_bpf_run_filter_getsockopt() function that can lead to heap overflow (because of non-hardened usercopy). The impact of attack could be deny of service or possibly privileges escalation.
CVE-2021-20195||A flaw was found in keycloak in versions before 13.0.0. A Self Stored XSS attack vector escalating to a complete account takeover is possible due to user-supplied data fields not being properly encoded and Javascript code being used to process the data. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20196||A NULL pointer dereference flaw was found in the floppy disk emulator of QEMU. This issue occurs while processing read/write ioport commands if the selected floppy drive is not initialized with a block device. This flaw allows a privileged guest user to crash the QEMU process on the host, resulting in a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20197||There is an open race window when writing output in the following utilities in GNU binutils version 2.35 and earlier:ar, objcopy, strip, ranlib. When these utilities are run as a privileged user (presumably as part of a script updating binaries across different users), an unprivileged user can trick these utilities into getting ownership of arbitrary files through a symlink.
CVE-2021-20198||A flaw was found in the OpenShift Installer before version v0.9.0-master.0.20210125200451-95101da940b0. During installation of OpenShift Container Platform 4 clusters, bootstrap nodes are provisioned with anonymous authentication enabled on kubelet port 10250. A remote attacker able to reach this port during installation can make unauthenticated `/exec` requests to execute arbitrary commands within running containers. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20199||Rootless containers run with Podman, receive all traffic with a source IP address of 127.0.0.1 (including from remote hosts). This impacts containerized applications that trust localhost (127.0.01) connections by default and do not require authentication. This issue affects Podman 1.8.0 onwards.
CVE-2021-2020||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.20 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.5 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20200||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20201||A flaw was found in spice in versions before 0.14.92. A DoS tool might make it easier for remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by performing many renegotiations within a single connection.
CVE-2021-20202||A flaw was found in keycloak. Directories can be created prior to the Java process creating them in the temporary directory, but with wider user permissions, allowing the attacker to have access to the contents that keycloak stores in this directory. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2021-20203||An integer overflow issue was found in the vmxnet3 NIC emulator of the QEMU for versions up to v5.2.0. It may occur if a guest was to supply invalid values for rx/tx queue size or other NIC parameters. A privileged guest user may use this flaw to crash the QEMU process on the host resulting in DoS scenario.
CVE-2021-20204||A heap memory corruption problem (use after free) can be triggered in libgetdata v0.10.0 when processing maliciously crafted dirfile databases. This degrades the confidentiality, integrity and availability of third-party software that uses libgetdata as a library. This vulnerability may lead to arbitrary code execution or privilege escalation depending on input/skills of attacker.
CVE-2021-20205||Libjpeg-turbo versions 2.0.91 and 2.0.90 is vulnerable to a denial of service vulnerability caused by a divide by zero when processing a crafted GIF image.
CVE-2021-20206||An improper limitation of path name flaw was found in containernetworking/cni in versions before 0.8.1. When specifying the plugin to load in the 'type' field in the network configuration, it is possible to use special elements such as "../" separators to reference binaries elsewhere on the system. This flaw allows an attacker to execute other existing binaries other than the cni plugins/types, such as 'reboot'. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20207||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs:CVE-2021-3348. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2021-3348. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2021-3348 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2021-20208||A flaw was found in cifs-utils in versions before 6.13. A user when mounting a krb5 CIFS file system from within a container can use Kerberos credentials of the host. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2021-20209||A memory leak vulnerability was found in Privoxy before 3.0.29 in the show-status CGI handler when no action files are configured.
CVE-2021-2021||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20210||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.29. Memory leak in the show-status CGI handler when no filter files are configured can lead to a system crash.
CVE-2021-20211||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.29. Memory leak when client tags are active can cause a system crash.
CVE-2021-20212||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.29. Memory leak if multiple filters are executed and the last one is skipped due to a pcre error leading to a system crash.
CVE-2021-20213||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.29. Dereference of a NULL-pointer that could result in a crash if accept-intercepted-requests was enabled, Privoxy failed to get the request destination from the Host header and a memory allocation failed.
CVE-2021-20214||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.29. Memory leaks in the client-tags CGI handler when client tags are configured and memory allocations fail can lead to a system crash.
CVE-2021-20215||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.29. Memory leaks in the show-status CGI handler when memory allocations fail can lead to a system crash.
CVE-2021-20216||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.31. A memory leak that occurs when decompression fails unexpectedly may lead to a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20217||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.31. An assertion failure triggered by a crafted CGI request may lead to denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20218||A flaw was found in the fabric8 kubernetes-client in version 4.2.0 and after. This flaw allows a malicious pod/container to cause applications using the fabric8 kubernetes-client `copy` command to extract files outside the working path. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to integrity and system availability. This has been fixed in kubernetes-client-4.13.2 kubernetes-client-5.0.2 kubernetes-client-4.11.2 kubernetes-client-4.7.2
CVE-2021-20219||A denial of service vulnerability was found in n_tty_receive_char_special in drivers/tty/n_tty.c of the Linux kernel. In this flaw a local attacker with a normal user privilege could delay the loop (due to a changing ldata->read_head, and a missing sanity check) and cause a threat to the system availability.
CVE-2021-2022||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: InnoDB). Supported versions that are affected are 5.6.50 and prior, 5.7.32 and prior and 8.0.22 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.4 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20220||A flaw was found in Undertow. A regression in the fix for CVE-2020-10687 was found. HTTP request smuggling related to CVE-2017-2666 is possible against HTTP/1.x and HTTP/2 due to permitting invalid characters in an HTTP request. This flaw allows an attacker to poison a web-cache, perform an XSS attack, or obtain sensitive information from request other than their own. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2021-20221||An out-of-bounds heap buffer access issue was found in the ARM Generic Interrupt Controller emulator of QEMU up to and including qemu 4.2.0on aarch64 platform. The issue occurs because while writing an interrupt ID to the controller memory area, it is not masked to be 4 bits wide. It may lead to the said issue while updating controller state fields and their subsequent processing. A privileged guest user may use this flaw to crash the QEMU process on the host resulting in DoS scenario.
CVE-2021-20222||A flaw was found in keycloak. The new account console in keycloak can allow malicious code to be executed using the referrer URL. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20223||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20224||An integer overflow issue was discovered in ImageMagick's ExportIndexQuantum() function in MagickCore/quantum-export.c. Function calls to GetPixelIndex() could result in values outside the range of representable for the 'unsigned char'. When ImageMagick processes a crafted pdf file, this could lead to an undefined behaviour or a crash.
CVE-2021-20225||A flaw was found in grub2 in versions prior to 2.06. The option parser allows an attacker to write past the end of a heap-allocated buffer by calling certain commands with a large number of specific short forms of options. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20226||A use-after-free flaw was found in the io_uring in Linux kernel, where a local attacker with a user privilege could cause a denial of service problem on the system The issue results from the lack of validating the existence of an object prior to performing operations on the object by not incrementing the file reference counter while in use. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data integrity, confidentiality and system availability.
CVE-2021-20227||A flaw was found in SQLite's SELECT query functionality (src/select.c). This flaw allows an attacker who is capable of running SQL queries locally on the SQLite database to cause a denial of service or possible code execution by triggering a use-after-free. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20228||A flaw was found in the Ansible Engine 2.9.18, where sensitive info is not masked by default and is not protected by the no_log feature when using the sub-option feature of the basic.py module. This flaw allows an attacker to obtain sensitive information. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20229||A flaw was found in PostgreSQL in versions before 13.2. This flaw allows a user with SELECT privilege on one column to craft a special query that returns all columns of the table. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality.
CVE-2021-2023||Vulnerability in the Oracle Installed Base product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: APIs). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.1-12.1.3 and 12.2.3-12.2.9. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Installed Base. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Installed Base, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Installed Base accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.7 (Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:N/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20230||A flaw was found in stunnel before 5.57, where it improperly validates client certificates when it is configured to use both redirect and verifyChain options. This flaw allows an attacker with a certificate signed by a Certificate Authority, which is not the one accepted by the stunnel server, to access the tunneled service instead of being redirected to the address specified in the redirect option. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20231||A flaw was found in gnutls. A use after free issue in client sending key_share extension may lead to memory corruption and other consequences.
CVE-2021-20232||A flaw was found in gnutls. A use after free issue in client_send_params in lib/ext/pre_shared_key.c may lead to memory corruption and other potential consequences.
CVE-2021-20233||A flaw was found in grub2 in versions prior to 2.06. Setparam_prefix() in the menu rendering code performs a length calculation on the assumption that expressing a quoted single quote will require 3 characters, while it actually requires 4 characters which allows an attacker to corrupt memory by one byte for each quote in the input. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20234||An uncontrolled resource consumption (memory leak) flaw was found in the ZeroMQ client in versions before 4.3.3 in src/pipe.cpp. This issue causes a client that connects to multiple malicious or compromised servers to crash. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20235||There's a flaw in the zeromq server in versions before 4.3.3 in src/decoder_allocators.hpp. The decoder static allocator could have its sized changed, but the buffer would remain the same as it is a static buffer. A remote, unauthenticated attacker who sends a crafted request to the zeromq server could trigger a buffer overflow WRITE of arbitrary data if CURVE/ZAP authentication is not enabled. The greatest impact of this flaw is to application availability, data integrity, and confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20236||A flaw was found in the ZeroMQ server in versions before 4.3.3. This flaw allows a malicious client to cause a stack buffer overflow on the server by sending crafted topic subscription requests and then unsubscribing. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20237||An uncontrolled resource consumption (memory leak) flaw was found in ZeroMQ's src/xpub.cpp in versions before 4.3.3. This flaw allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to send crafted PUB messages that consume excessive memory if the CURVE/ZAP authentication is disabled on the server, causing a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20238||It was found in OpenShift Container Platform 4 that ignition config, served by the Machine Config Server, can be accessed externally from clusters without authentication. The MCS endpoint (port 22623) provides ignition configuration used for bootstrapping Nodes and can include some sensitive data, e.g. registry pull secrets. There are two scenarios where this data can be accessed. The first is on Baremetal, OpenStack, Ovirt, Vsphere and KubeVirt deployments which do not have a separate internal API endpoint and allow access from outside the cluster to port 22623 from the standard OpenShift API Virtual IP address. The second is on cloud deployments when using unsupported network plugins, which do not create iptables rules that prevent to port 22623. In this scenario, the ignition config is exposed to all pods within the cluster and cannot be accessed externally.
CVE-2021-20239||A flaw was found in the Linux kernel in versions before 5.4.92 in the BPF protocol. This flaw allows an attacker with a local account to leak information about kernel internal addresses. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality.
CVE-2021-2024||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.5 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20240||A flaw was found in gdk-pixbuf in versions before 2.42.0. An integer wraparound leading to an out of bounds write can occur when a crafted GIF image is loaded. An attacker may cause applications to crash or could potentially execute code on the victim system. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20241||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in coders/jp2.c. An attacker who submits a crafted file that is processed by ImageMagick could trigger undefined behavior in the form of math division by zero. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20242||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2021-20176. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2021-20176. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2021-20176 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2021-20243||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in MagickCore/resize.c. An attacker who submits a crafted file that is processed by ImageMagick could trigger undefined behavior in the form of math division by zero. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20244||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in MagickCore/visual-effects.c. An attacker who submits a crafted file that is processed by ImageMagick could trigger undefined behavior in the form of math division by zero. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20245||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in coders/webp.c. An attacker who submits a crafted file that is processed by ImageMagick could trigger undefined behavior in the form of math division by zero. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20246||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in MagickCore/resample.c. An attacker who submits a crafted file that is processed by ImageMagick could trigger undefined behavior in the form of math division by zero. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20247||A flaw was found in mbsync before v1.3.5 and v1.4.1. Validations of the mailbox names returned by IMAP LIST/LSUB do not occur allowing a malicious or compromised server to use specially crafted mailbox names containing '..' path components to access data outside the designated mailbox on the opposite end of the synchronization channel. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2021-20248||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20249||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-2025||Vulnerability in the Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Analytics Web General). Supported versions that are affected are 5.5.0.0.0, 11.1.1.9.0, 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20250||A flaw was found in wildfly. The JBoss EJB client has publicly accessible privileged actions which may lead to information disclosure on the server it is deployed on. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20252||A flaw was found in Red Hat 3scale API Management Platform 2. The 3scale backend does not perform preventive handling on user-requested date ranges in certain queries allowing a malicious authenticated user to submit a request with a sufficiently large date range to eventually yield an internal server error resulting in denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20253||A flaw was found in ansible-tower. The default installation is vulnerable to Job Isolation escape allowing an attacker to elevate the privilege from a low privileged user to the awx user from outside the isolated environment. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20254||A flaw was found in samba. The Samba smbd file server must map Windows group identities (SIDs) into unix group ids (gids). The code that performs this had a flaw that could allow it to read data beyond the end of the array in the case where a negative cache entry had been added to the mapping cache. This could cause the calling code to return those values into the process token that stores the group membership for a user. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2021-20255||A stack overflow via an infinite recursion vulnerability was found in the eepro100 i8255x device emulator of QEMU. This issue occurs while processing controller commands due to a DMA reentry issue. This flaw allows a guest user or process to consume CPU cycles or crash the QEMU process on the host, resulting in a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20256||A flaw was found in Red Hat Satellite. The BMC interface exposes the password through the API to an authenticated local attacker with view_hosts permission. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20257||An infinite loop flaw was found in the e1000 NIC emulator of the QEMU. This issue occurs while processing transmits (tx) descriptors in process_tx_desc if various descriptor fields are initialized with invalid values. This flaw allows a guest to consume CPU cycles on the host, resulting in a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20258||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20259||A flaw was found in the Foreman project. The Proxmox compute resource exposes the password through the API to an authenticated local attacker with view_hosts permission. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability. Versions before foreman_fog_proxmox 0.13.1 are affected
CVE-2021-2026||Vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Marketing Administration). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.1-12.1.3 and 12.2.3-12.2.10. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Marketing. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Marketing, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle Marketing accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Marketing accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20260||A flaw was found in the Foreman project. The Datacenter plugin exposes the password through the API to an authenticated local attacker with view_hosts permission. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20261||A race condition was found in the Linux kernels implementation of the floppy disk drive controller driver software. The impact of this issue is lessened by the fact that the default permissions on the floppy device (/dev/fd0) are restricted to root. If the permissions on the device have changed the impact changes greatly. In the default configuration root (or equivalent) permissions are required to attack this flaw.
CVE-2021-20262||A flaw was found in Keycloak 12.0.0 where re-authentication does not occur while updating the password. This flaw allows an attacker to take over an account if they can obtain temporary, physical access to a users browser. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20263||A flaw was found in the virtio-fs shared file system daemon (virtiofsd) of QEMU. The new 'xattrmap' option may cause the 'security.capability' xattr in the guest to not drop on file write, potentially leading to a modified, privileged executable in the guest. In rare circumstances, this flaw could be used by a malicious user to elevate their privileges within the guest.
CVE-2021-20264||An insecure modification flaw in the /etc/passwd file was found in the openjdk-1.8 and openjdk-11 containers. This flaw allows an attacker with access to the container to modify the /etc/passwd and escalate their privileges. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20265||A flaw was found in the way memory resources were freed in the unix_stream_recvmsg function in the Linux kernel when a signal was pending. This flaw allows an unprivileged local user to crash the system by exhausting available memory. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20266||A flaw was found in RPM's hdrblobInit() in lib/header.c. This flaw allows an attacker who can modify the rpmdb to cause an out-of-bounds read. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20267||A flaw was found in openstack-neutron's default Open vSwitch firewall rules. By sending carefully crafted packets, anyone in control of a server instance connected to the virtual switch can impersonate the IPv6 addresses of other systems on the network, resulting in denial of service or in some cases possibly interception of traffic intended for other destinations. Only deployments using the Open vSwitch driver are affected. Source: OpenStack project. Versions before openstack-neutron 15.3.3, openstack-neutron 16.3.1 and openstack-neutron 17.1.1 are affected.
CVE-2021-20268||An out-of-bounds access flaw was found in the Linux kernel's implementation of the eBPF code verifier in the way a user running the eBPF script calls dev_map_init_map or sock_map_alloc. This flaw allows a local user to crash the system or possibly escalate their privileges. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20269||A flaw was found in the permissions of a log file created by kexec-tools. This flaw allows a local unprivileged user to read this file and leak kernel internal information from a previous panic. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality. This flaw affects kexec-tools shipped by Fedora versions prior to 2.0.21-8 and RHEL versions prior to 2.0.20-47.
CVE-2021-2027||Vulnerability in the Oracle Marketing product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Marketing Administration). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.1-12.1.3 and 12.2.3-12.2.10. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Marketing. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Marketing, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle Marketing accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Marketing accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20270||An infinite loop in SMLLexer in Pygments versions 1.5 to 2.7.3 may lead to denial of service when performing syntax highlighting of a Standard ML (SML) source file, as demonstrated by input that only contains the "exception" keyword.
CVE-2021-20271||A flaw was found in RPM's signature check functionality when reading a package file. This flaw allows an attacker who can convince a victim to install a seemingly verifiable package, whose signature header was modified, to cause RPM database corruption and execute code. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data integrity, confidentiality, and system availability.
CVE-2021-20272||A flaw was found in privoxy before 3.0.32. An assertion failure could be triggered with a crafted CGI request leading to server crash.
CVE-2021-20273||A flaw was found in privoxy before 3.0.32. A crash can occur via a crafted CGI request if Privoxy is toggled off.
CVE-2021-20274||A flaw was found in privoxy before 3.0.32. A crash may occur due a NULL-pointer dereference when the socks server misbehaves.
CVE-2021-20275||A flaw was found in privoxy before 3.0.32. A invalid read of size two may occur in chunked_body_is_complete() leading to denial of service.
CVE-2021-20276||A flaw was found in privoxy before 3.0.32. Invalid memory access with an invalid pattern passed to pcre_compile() may lead to denial of service.
CVE-2021-20277||A flaw was found in Samba's libldb. Multiple, consecutive leading spaces in an LDAP attribute can lead to an out-of-bounds memory write, leading to a crash of the LDAP server process handling the request. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20278||An authentication bypass vulnerability was found in Kiali in versions before 1.31.0 when the authentication strategy `OpenID` is used. When RBAC is enabled, Kiali assumes that some of the token validation is handled by the underlying cluster. When OpenID `implicit flow` is used with RBAC turned off, this token validation doesn't occur, and this allows a malicious user to bypass the authentication.
CVE-2021-20279||The ID number user profile field required additional sanitizing to prevent a stored XSS risk in moodle before 3.10.2, 3.9.5, 3.8.8, 3.5.17.
CVE-2021-2028||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: InnoDB). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.21 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20280||Text-based feedback answers required additional sanitizing to prevent stored XSS and blind SSRF risks in moodle before 3.10.2, 3.9.5, 3.8.8, 3.5.17.
CVE-2021-20281||It was possible for some users without permission to view other users' full names to do so via the online users block in moodle before 3.10.2, 3.9.5, 3.8.8, 3.5.17.
CVE-2021-20282||When creating a user account, it was possible to verify the account without having access to the verification email link/secret in moodle before 3.10.2, 3.9.5, 3.8.8, 3.5.17.
CVE-2021-20283||The web service responsible for fetching other users' enrolled courses did not validate that the requesting user had permission to view that information in each course in moodle before 3.10.2, 3.9.5, 3.8.8, 3.5.17.
CVE-2021-20284||A flaw was found in GNU Binutils 2.35.1, where there is a heap-based buffer overflow in _bfd_elf_slurp_secondary_reloc_section in elf.c due to the number of symbols not calculated correctly. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20285||A flaw was found in upx canPack in p_lx_elf.cpp in UPX 3.96. This flaw allows attackers to cause a denial of service (SEGV or buffer overflow and application crash) or possibly have unspecified other impacts via a crafted ELF. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20286||A flaw was found in libnbd 1.7.3. An assertion failure in nbd_unlocked_opt_go in ilb/opt.c may lead to denial of service.
CVE-2021-20287||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20288||An authentication flaw was found in ceph in versions before 14.2.20. When the monitor handles CEPHX_GET_AUTH_SESSION_KEY requests, it doesn't sanitize other_keys, allowing key reuse. An attacker who can request a global_id can exploit the ability of any user to request a global_id previously associated with another user, as ceph does not force the reuse of old keys to generate new ones. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20289||A flaw was found in RESTEasy in all versions of RESTEasy up to 4.6.0.Final. The endpoint class and method names are returned as part of the exception response when RESTEasy cannot convert one of the request URI path or query values to the matching JAX-RS resource method's parameter value. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality.
CVE-2021-2029||Vulnerability in the Oracle Scripting product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Miscellaneous). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.1-12.1.3 and 12.2.3-12.2.8. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Scripting. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Oracle Scripting. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 9.8 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20290||An improper authorization handling flaw was found in Foreman. The OpenSCAP plugin for the smart-proxy allows foreman clients to execute actions that should be limited to the Foreman Server. This flaw allows an authenticated local attacker to access and delete limited resources and also causes a denial of service on the Foreman server. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to integrity and system availability.
CVE-2021-20291||A deadlock vulnerability was found in 'github.com/containers/storage' in versions before 1.28.1. When a container image is processed, each layer is unpacked using `tar`. If one of those layers is not a valid `tar` archive this causes an error leading to an unexpected situation where the code indefinitely waits for the tar unpacked stream, which never finishes. An attacker could use this vulnerability to craft a malicious image, which when downloaded and stored by an application using containers/storage, would then cause a deadlock leading to a Denial of Service (DoS).
CVE-2021-20292||There is a flaw reported in the Linux kernel in versions before 5.9 in drivers/gpu/drm/nouveau/nouveau_sgdma.c in nouveau_sgdma_create_ttm in Nouveau DRM subsystem. The issue results from the lack of validating the existence of an object prior to performing operations on the object. An attacker with a local account with a root privilege, can leverage this vulnerability to escalate privileges and execute code in the context of the kernel.
CVE-2021-20293||A reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) flaw was found in RESTEasy in all versions of RESTEasy up to 4.6.0.Final, where it did not properly handle URL encoding when calling @javax.ws.rs.PathParam without any @Produces MediaType. This flaw allows an attacker to launch a reflected XSS attack. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2021-20294||A flaw was found in binutils readelf 2.35 program. An attacker who is able to convince a victim using readelf to read a crafted file could trigger a stack buffer overflow, out-of-bounds write of arbitrary data supplied by the attacker. The highest impact of this flaw is to confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
CVE-2021-20295||It was discovered that the update for the virt:rhel module in the RHSA-2020:4676 (https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2020:4676) erratum released as part of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.3 failed to include the fix for the qemu-kvm component issue CVE-2020-10756, which was previously corrected in virt:rhel/qemu-kvm via erratum RHSA-2020:4059 (https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2020:4059). CVE-2021-20295 was assigned to that Red Hat specific security regression. For more details about the original security issue CVE-2020-10756, refer to bug 1835986 or the CVE page: https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2020-10756.
CVE-2021-20296||A flaw was found in OpenEXR in versions before 3.0.0-beta. A crafted input file supplied by an attacker, that is processed by the Dwa decompression functionality of OpenEXR's IlmImf library, could cause a NULL pointer dereference. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20297||A flaw was found in NetworkManager in versions before 1.30.0. Setting match.path and activating a profile crashes NetworkManager. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20298||A flaw was found in OpenEXR's B44Compressor. This flaw allows an attacker who can submit a crafted file to be processed by OpenEXR, to exhaust all memory accessible to the application. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20299||A flaw was found in OpenEXR's Multipart input file functionality. A crafted multi-part input file with no actual parts can trigger a NULL pointer dereference. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-2030||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.21 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20300||A flaw was found in OpenEXR's hufUncompress functionality in OpenEXR/IlmImf/ImfHuf.cpp. This flaw allows an attacker who can submit a crafted file that is processed by OpenEXR, to trigger an integer overflow. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20301||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20302||A flaw was found in OpenEXR's TiledInputFile functionality. This flaw allows an attacker who can submit a crafted single-part non-image to be processed by OpenEXR, to trigger a floating-point exception error. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20303||A flaw found in function dataWindowForTile() of IlmImf/ImfTiledMisc.cpp. An attacker who is able to submit a crafted file to be processed by OpenEXR could trigger an integer overflow, leading to an out-of-bounds write on the heap. The greatest impact of this flaw is to application availability, with some potential impact to data integrity as well.
CVE-2021-20304||A flaw was found in OpenEXR's hufDecode functionality. This flaw allows an attacker who can pass a crafted file to be processed by OpenEXR, to trigger an undefined right shift error. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20305||A flaw was found in Nettle in versions before 3.7.2, where several Nettle signature verification functions (GOST DSA, EDDSA & ECDSA) result in the Elliptic Curve Cryptography point (ECC) multiply function being called with out-of-range scalers, possibly resulting in incorrect results. This flaw allows an attacker to force an invalid signature, causing an assertion failure or possible validation. The highest threat to this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2021-20306||A flaw was found in the BPMN editor in version jBPM 7.51.0.Final. Any authenticated user from any project can see the name of Ruleflow Groups from other projects, despite the user not having access to those projects. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20307||Format string vulnerability in panoFileOutputNamesCreate() in libpano13 2.9.20~rc2+dfsg-3 and earlier can lead to read and write arbitrary memory values.
CVE-2021-20308||Integer overflow in the htmldoc 1.9.11 and before may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code and cause a denial of service that is similar to CVE-2017-9181.
CVE-2021-20309||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in versions before 7.0.11 and before 6.9.12, where a division by zero in WaveImage() of MagickCore/visual-effects.c may trigger undefined behavior via a crafted image file submitted to an application using ImageMagick. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-2031||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20310||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in versions before 7.0.11, where a division by zero ConvertXYZToJzazbz() of MagickCore/colorspace.c may trigger undefined behavior via a crafted image file that is submitted by an attacker and processed by an application using ImageMagick. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20311||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in versions before 7.0.11, where a division by zero in sRGBTransformImage() in the MagickCore/colorspace.c may trigger undefined behavior via a crafted image file that is submitted by an attacker processed by an application using ImageMagick. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20312||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in versions 7.0.11, where an integer overflow in WriteTHUMBNAILImage of coders/thumbnail.c may trigger undefined behavior via a crafted image file that is submitted by an attacker and processed by an application using ImageMagick. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2021-20313||A flaw was found in ImageMagick in versions before 7.0.11. A potential cipher leak when the calculate signatures in TransformSignature is possible. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality.
CVE-2021-20314||Stack buffer overflow in libspf2 versions below 1.2.11 when processing certain SPF macros can lead to Denial of service and potentially code execution via malicious crafted SPF explanation messages.
CVE-2021-20315||A locking protection bypass flaw was found in some versions of gnome-shell as shipped within CentOS Stream 8, when the "Application menu" or "Window list" GNOME extensions are enabled. This flaw allows a physical attacker who has access to a locked system to kill existing applications and start new ones as the locked user, even if the session is still locked.
CVE-2021-20316||A flaw was found in the way Samba handled file/directory metadata. This flaw allows an authenticated attacker with permissions to read or modify share metadata, to perform this operation outside of the share.
CVE-2021-20317||A flaw was found in the Linux kernel. A corrupted timer tree caused the task wakeup to be missing in the timerqueue_add function in lib/timerqueue.c. This flaw allows a local attacker with special user privileges to cause a denial of service, slowing and eventually stopping the system while running OSP.
CVE-2021-20318||The HornetQ component of Artemis in EAP 7 was not updated with the fix for CVE-2016-4978. A remote attacker could use this flaw to execute arbitrary code with the permissions of the application using a JMS ObjectMessage.
CVE-2021-20319||An improper signature verification vulnerability was found in coreos-installer. A specially crafted gzip installation image can bypass the image signature verification and as a consequence can lead to the installation of unsigned content. An attacker able to modify the original installation image can write arbitrary data, and achieve full access to the node being installed.
CVE-2021-2032||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Information Schema). Supported versions that are affected are 5.7.32 and prior and 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of MySQL Server accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.3 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20320||A flaw was found in s390 eBPF JIT in bpf_jit_insn in arch/s390/net/bpf_jit_comp.c in the Linux kernel. In this flaw, a local attacker with special user privilege can circumvent the verifier and may lead to a confidentiality problem.
CVE-2021-20321||A race condition accessing file object in the Linux kernel OverlayFS subsystem was found in the way users do rename in specific way with OverlayFS. A local user could use this flaw to crash the system.
CVE-2021-20322||A flaw in the processing of received ICMP errors (ICMP fragment needed and ICMP redirect) in the Linux kernel functionality was found to allow the ability to quickly scan open UDP ports. This flaw allows an off-path remote user to effectively bypass the source port UDP randomization. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality and possibly integrity, because software that relies on UDP source port randomization are indirectly affected as well.
CVE-2021-20323||A POST based reflected Cross Site Scripting vulnerability on has been identified in Keycloak.
CVE-2021-20324||A flaw was found in WildFly Elytron. A variation to the use of a session fixation exploit when using Undertow was found despite Undertow switching the session ID after authentication.
CVE-2021-20325||Missing fixes for CVE-2021-40438 and CVE-2021-26691 in the versions of httpd, as shipped in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.5.0, causes a security regression compared to the versions shipped in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.4. A user who installs or updates to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.5.0 would be vulnerable to the mentioned CVEs, even if they were properly fixed in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.4. CVE-2021-20325 was assigned to that Red Hat specific security regression and it does not affect the upstream versions of httpd.
CVE-2021-20326||A user authorized to performing a specific type of find query may trigger a denial of service. This issue affects: MongoDB Inc. MongoDB Server v4.4 versions prior to 4.4.4.
CVE-2021-20327||A specific version of the Node.js mongodb-client-encryption module does not perform correct validation of the KMS servers certificate. This vulnerability in combination with a privileged network position active MITM attack could result in interception of traffic between the Node.js driver and the KMS service rendering client-side field level encryption (CSFLE) ineffective. This issue was discovered during internal testing and affects mongodb-client-encryption module version 1.2.0, which was available from 2021-Jan-29 and deprecated in the NPM Registry on 2021-Feb-04. This vulnerability does not impact driver traffic payloads with CSFLE-supported key services from applications residing inside the AWS, GCP, and Azure nework fabrics due to compensating controls in these environments. This issue does not impact driver workloads that dont use Field Level Encryption.
CVE-2021-20328||Specific versions of the Java driver that support client-side field level encryption (CSFLE) fail to perform correct host name verification on the KMS servers certificate. This vulnerability in combination with a privileged network position active MITM attack could result in interception of traffic between the Java driver and the KMS service rendering Field Level Encryption ineffective. This issue was discovered during internal testing and affects all versions of the Java driver that support CSFLE. The Java async, Scala, and reactive streams drivers are not impacted. This vulnerability does not impact driver traffic payloads with CSFLE-supported key services originating from applications residing inside the AWS, GCP, and Azure network fabrics due to compensating controls in these environments. This issue does not impact driver workloads that dont use Field Level Encryption.
CVE-2021-20329||Specific cstrings input may not be properly validated in the MongoDB Go Driver when marshalling Go objects into BSON. A malicious user could use a Go object with specific string to potentially inject additional fields into marshalled documents. This issue affects all MongoDB GO Drivers up to (and including) 1.5.0.
CVE-2021-2033||Vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Core Components). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.3.0.0, 12.2.1.3.0, 12.2.1.4.0 and 14.1.1.0.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle WebLogic Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.3 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:L).
CVE-2021-20330||An attacker with basic CRUD permissions on a replicated collection can run the applyOps command with specially malformed oplog entries, resulting in a potential denial of service on secondaries. This issue affects MongoDB Server v4.0 versions prior to 4.0.25; MongoDB Server v4.2 versions prior to 4.2.14; MongoDB Server v4.4 versions prior to 4.4.6.
CVE-2021-20331||Specific versions of the MongoDB C# Driver may erroneously publish events containing authentication-related data to a command listener configured by an application. The published events may contain security-sensitive data when commands such as "saslStart", "saslContinue", "isMaster", "createUser", and "updateUser" are executed. Without due care, an application may inadvertently expose this authenticated-related information, e.g., by writing it to a log file. This issue only arises if an application enables the command listener feature (this is not enabled by default). This issue affects the MongoDB C# Driver 2.12 <= 2.12.1.
CVE-2021-20332||Specific MongoDB Rust Driver versions can include credentials used by the connection pool to authenticate connections in the monitoring event that is emitted when the pool is created. The user's logging infrastructure could then potentially ingest these events and unexpectedly leak the credentials. Note that such monitoring is not enabled by default.
CVE-2021-20333||Sending specially crafted commands to a MongoDB Server may result in artificial log entries being generated or for log entries to be split. This issue affects MongoDB Server v3.6 versions prior to 3.6.20; MongoDB Server v4.0 versions prior to 4.0.21; MongoDB Server v4.2 versions prior to 4.2.10;
CVE-2021-20334||A malicious 3rd party with local access to the Windows machine where MongoDB Compass is installed can execute arbitrary software with the privileges of the user who is running MongoDB Compass. This issue affects: MongoDB Inc. MongoDB Compass 1.x version 1.3.0 on Windows and later versions; 1.x versions prior to 1.25.0 on Windows.
CVE-2021-20335||For MongoDB Ops Manager <= 4.2.24 with multiple OM application servers, that have SSL turned on for their MongoDB processes, the upgrade to MongoDB Ops Manager <= 4.4.12 triggers a bug where Automation thinks SSL is being turned off, and can disable SSL temporarily for members of the cluster. This issue is temporary and eventually corrects itself after MongoDB Ops Manager instances have finished upgrading to MongoDB Ops Manager 4.4. In addition, customers must be running with clientCertificateMode=OPTIONAL / allowConnectionsWithoutCertificates=true to be impacted*.* Customers upgrading from Ops Manager 4.2.X to 4.2.24 and finally to Ops Manager 4.4.13+ are unaffected by this issue.
CVE-2021-20336||IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus_GUI 8.1.0 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session.
CVE-2021-20337||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 8 and 7.4.0 to 7.4.3 GA uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 194448.
CVE-2021-20338||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 194449.
CVE-2021-2034||Vulnerability in the Oracle Common Applications Calendar product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Tasks). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.1-12.1.3. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Common Applications Calendar. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Common Applications Calendar, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle Common Applications Calendar accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Common Applications Calendar accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20340||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 194451.
CVE-2021-20341||IBM Cloud Pak for Multicloud Management Monitoring 2.2 returns potentially sensitive information in headers which could lead to further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 194513.
CVE-2021-20343||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 194593.
CVE-2021-20345||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 194594.
CVE-2021-20346||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 194595.
CVE-2021-20347||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 194596.
CVE-2021-20348||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-ForceID: 194597.
CVE-2021-20349||IBM Tivoli Workload Scheduler 9.4 and 9.5 is vulnerable to a stack-based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A local attacker could overflow a buffer and gain lower level privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 194599.
CVE-2021-2035||Vulnerability in the RDBMS Scheduler component of Oracle Database Server. Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.0.2, 12.2.0.1, 18c and 19c. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker having Export Full Database privilege with network access via Oracle Net to compromise RDBMS Scheduler. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of RDBMS Scheduler. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.8 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20350||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 194707.
CVE-2021-20351||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 194708.
CVE-2021-20352||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 194710.
CVE-2021-20353||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 194882.
CVE-2021-20354||IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to view arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 194883.
CVE-2021-20355||IBM Jazz Team Server 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to set the HTTPOnly flag. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information from the cookie. IBM X-Force ID: 194891.
CVE-2021-20357||IBM Jazz Foundation products is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 194963.
CVE-2021-20358||IBM Cloud Pak for Automation 20.0.3, 20.0.2-IF002 stores potentially sensitive information in clear text in API connection log files. This information could be obtained by a user with permissions to read log files. IBM X-Force ID: 194965.
CVE-2021-20359||IBM Cloud Pak for Automation 20.0.3, 20.0.2-IF002 - Business Automation Application Designer Component stores potentially sensitive information in log files that could be obtained by an unauthorized user. IBM X-Force ID: 194966.
CVE-2021-2036||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20360||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 195031.
CVE-2021-20361||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195032.
CVE-2021-20362||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195033.
CVE-2021-20363||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195034.
CVE-2021-20364||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195035.
CVE-2021-20365||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195036.
CVE-2021-20366||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195037.
CVE-2021-20368||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195357.
CVE-2021-20369||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 195361.
CVE-2021-20371||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when an error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 195516.
CVE-2021-20372||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 could allow a remote authenticated user to cause a denial of another user's service due to insufficient permission checking. IBM X-Force ID: 195518.
CVE-2021-20373||IBM Db2 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 may be vulnerable to an Information Disclosure when using the LOAD utility as under certain circumstances the LOAD utility does not enforce directory restrictions. IBM X-Force ID: 199521.
CVE-2021-20374||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0 and 7.6.1 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195522.
CVE-2021-20375||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 could allow an authenticated user to intercept and replace a message sent by another user due to improper access controls. IBM X-Force ID: 195567.
CVE-2021-20376||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 could allow an authenticated attacker to enumerate usernames due to there being an observable discrepancy in returned messages. IBM X-Force ID: 195568.
CVE-2021-20377||IBM Security Guardium 11.3 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 195569.
CVE-2021-20378||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 3.0.0.2 and 4.0.0.4 does not invalidate session after logout which could allow an authenticated user to impersonate another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 195709.
CVE-2021-20379||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 3.0.0.3 and 4.0.0.4 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 195711.
CVE-2021-2038||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Components Services). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.4 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20380||IBM QRadar Advisor With Watson App 1.1 through 2.5 as used on IBM QRadar SIEM 7.4 could allow a remote user to obtain sensitive information from HTTP requests that could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 195712.
CVE-2021-20385||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system. By sending a specially-crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 195766.
CVE-2021-20386||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 195767.
CVE-2021-20389||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 stores user credentials in plain clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 195770.
CVE-2021-2039||Vulnerability in the Siebel Core - Server Framework product of Oracle Siebel CRM (component: Search). Supported versions that are affected are 20.12 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Siebel Core - Server Framework. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Siebel Core - Server Framework, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Siebel Core - Server Framework accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Siebel Core - Server Framework accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.6 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20391||IBM QRadar User Behavior Analytics 1.0.0 through 4.1.0 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 195999.
CVE-2021-20392||IBM QRadar User Behavior Analytics 1.0.0 through 4.0.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session.
CVE-2021-20393||IBM QRadar User Behavior Analytics 1.0.0 through 4.1.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196001.
CVE-2021-20396||IBM QRadar Analyst Workflow App 1.0 through 1.18.0 for IBM QRadar SIEM allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196009.
CVE-2021-20397||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 196017.
CVE-2021-20399||IBM Qradar SIEM 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 8 and 7.4.0 to 7.4.3 GA is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 196073.
CVE-2021-2040||Vulnerability in the Oracle Argus Safety product of Oracle Health Sciences Applications (component: Case Form, Local Affiliate Form). The supported version that is affected is 8.2.2. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Argus Safety. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Argus Safety, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Argus Safety accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Argus Safety accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.1 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20400||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 196074.
CVE-2021-20401||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 196075.
CVE-2021-20402||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196076.
CVE-2021-20403||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts.
CVE-2021-20404||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 could allow a user on the network to cause a denial of service due to an invalid cookie value that could prevent future logins. IBM X-Force ID: 196078.
CVE-2021-20405||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 could allow a user to perform unauthorized activities due to improper encoding of output. IBM X-Force ID: 196183.
CVE-2021-20406||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 198184.
CVE-2021-20407||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 discloses sensitive information in source code that could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198185.
CVE-2021-20408||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 could disclose highly sensitive information to a local user due to inproper storage of a plaintext cryptographic key. IBM X-Force ID: 198187.
CVE-2021-20409||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 198188.
CVE-2021-2041||Vulnerability in the Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Installation). Supported versions that are affected are 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.1 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20410||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 sends user credentials in plain clear text which can be read by an authenticated user using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 198190.
CVE-2021-20411||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 could allow a user to impersonate another user on the system due to incorrectly updating the session identifier. IBM X-Force ID: 198191.
CVE-2021-20412||IBM Security Verify Information Queue 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 198192.
CVE-2021-20413||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 4.0.0.4 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196212.
CVE-2021-20414||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 3.0.0.2 could allow a user to bruce force sensitive information due to not properly limiting the number of interactions. IBM X-Force ID: 196216.
CVE-2021-20415||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 4.0.0.4 uses an inadequate account lockout setting that could allow a remote attacker to brute force account credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 196217.
CVE-2021-20416||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 3.0.0.3 and 4.0.0.4 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to set the HTTPOnly flag. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information from the cookie. IBM X-Force ID: 196218.
CVE-2021-20417||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 4.0.0.4 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196219
CVE-2021-20418||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 does not require that users should have strong passwords by default, which makes it easier for attackers to compromise user accounts. IBM X-Force ID: 196279.
CVE-2021-20419||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 196280.
CVE-2021-2042||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: InnoDB). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.21 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with logon to the infrastructure where MySQL Server executes to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of MySQL Server accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 2.3 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20420||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 could disclose sensitive information due to reliance on untrusted inputs that could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196281.
CVE-2021-20421||IBM Jazz Team Server 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks.
CVE-2021-20422||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 could disclose sensitive information to a malicious attacker by accessing data stored in memory. IBM X-Force ID: 196304.
CVE-2021-20423||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 could allow an authenticated user gain escalated privilesges due to improper application permissions. IBM X-Force ID: 196308.
CVE-2021-20424||IBM Cloud Pak for Applications 4.3 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. X-Force ID: 196309.
CVE-2021-20426||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 196313.
CVE-2021-20427||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 uses an inadequate account lockout setting that could allow a remote attacker to brute force account credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 196314.
CVE-2021-20428||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196315.
CVE-2021-20429||IBM QRadar User Behavior Analytics 1.0.0 through 4.1.0 could disclose sensitive information due an overly permissive cross-domain policy. IBM X-Force ID: 196334.
CVE-2021-2043||Vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools product of Oracle PeopleSoft (component: Portal). Supported versions that are affected are 8.56, 8.57 and 8.58. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.1 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20430||IBM i2 Analyst's Notebook Premium (IBM i2 Analyze 4.3.0, 4.3.1, and 4.3.2) could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196341.
CVE-2021-20431||IBM i2 Analyst's Notebook Premium 9.2.0, 9.2.1, and 9.2.2 does not invalidate session after logout which could allow an an attacker to obtain sensitive information from the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196342.
CVE-2021-20432||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.7 uses Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) which could allow an attacker to carry out privileged actions and retrieve sensitive information as the domain name is not being limited to only trusted domains. IBM X-Force ID: 196344.
CVE-2021-20433||IBM Security Guardium 11.3 could allow a an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information that could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196345.
CVE-2021-20434||IBM Security Verify Bridge 1.0.5.0 stores user credentials in plain clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 196346.
CVE-2021-20435||IBM Security Verify Bridge 1.0.5.0 does not properly validate a certificate which could allow a local attacker to obtain sensitive information that could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196355.
CVE-2021-20439||IBM Security Access Manager 9.0 and IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 stores user credentials in plain clear text which can be read by an unauthorized user.
CVE-2021-2044||Vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise FIN Payables product of Oracle PeopleSoft (component: Financial Sanctions). The supported version that is affected is 9.2. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise PeopleSoft Enterprise FIN Payables. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all PeopleSoft Enterprise FIN Payables accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.5 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20440||IBM API Connect 10.0.0.0, and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.13 does not restrict member registration to the intended recepient. An attacker who is a valid user in the user registry used by API Manager can use a stolen invitation link and register themselves as a member of an API provider organization. IBM X-Force ID: 196536.
CVE-2021-20441||IBM Security Verify Bridge uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 196617.
CVE-2021-20442||IBM Security Verify Bridge contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 196618.
CVE-2021-20443||IBM Maximo for Civil Infrastructure 7.6.2 includes executable functionality (such as a library) from a source that is outside of the intended control sphere. IBM X-Force ID: 196619.
CVE-2021-20444||IBM Maximo for Civil Infrastructure 7.6.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 196620.
CVE-2021-20445||IBM Maximo for Civil Infrastructure 7.6.2 could allow a user to obtain sensitive information due to insecure storeage of authentication credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 196621.
CVE-2021-20446||IBM Maximo for Civil Infrastructure 7.6.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 196622.
CVE-2021-20447||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 196623.
CVE-2021-20448||IBM Content Navigator 3.0.CD is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 196624.
CVE-2021-2045||Vulnerability in the Oracle Text component of Oracle Database Server. Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.0.2, 12.2.0.1, 18c and 19c. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows low privileged attacker having Create Session privilege with network access via Oracle Net to compromise Oracle Text. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle Text. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 3.1 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:L).
CVE-2021-20453||IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 is vulnerable to a XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 196648.
CVE-2021-20454||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 is vulnerable to a XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 196649.
CVE-2021-2046||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Stored Procedure). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. While the vulnerability is in MySQL Server, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.8 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20461||IBM Cognos Analytics 10.0 and 11.1 is susceptible to a weakness in the implementation of the System Appearance configuration setting. An attacker could potentially bypass business logic to modify the appearance and behavior of the application. IBM X-Force ID: 196770.
CVE-2021-20464||IBM Cognos Analytics PowerPlay (IBM Cognos Analytics 11.1.7, 11.2.0, and 11.1.7) could be vulnerable to an XML Bomb attack by a malicious authenticated user. IBM X-Force ID: 196813.
CVE-2021-20468||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.1.7, 11.2.0, and 11.2.1 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 196825.
CVE-2021-2047||Vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Core Components). Supported versions that are affected are 10.3.6.0.0, 12.1.3.0.0, and 12.2.1.3.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via IIOP, T3 to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Oracle WebLogic Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 9.8 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20470||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.1.7 and 11.2.0 does not require that users should have strong passwords by default, which makes it easier for attackers to compromise user accounts. IBM X-Force ID: 196339.
CVE-2021-20473||IBM Sterling File Gateway User Interface 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 does not invalidate session after logout which could allow an authenticated user to impersonate another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 196944.
CVE-2021-20474||IBM Guardium Data Encryption (GDE) 3.0.0.2 and 4.0.0.4 does not perform any authentication for functionality that requires a provable user identity or consumes a significant amount of resources.
CVE-2021-20477||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 196949.
CVE-2021-20478||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 could allow a local user in some situations to view the artifacts of another user in self service console. IBM X-Force ID: 197497.
CVE-2021-20479||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3.0 through 2.3.3.3 Interim Fix 1 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 197498.
CVE-2021-2048||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: InnoDB). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of MySQL Server accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 5.0 (Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:L/A:H).
CVE-2021-20480||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, and 8.5 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). By sending a specially crafted request, a remote authenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive data. IBM X-Force ID: 197502.
CVE-2021-20481||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 197503.
CVE-2021-20482||IBM Cloud Pak for Automation 20.0.2 and 20.0.3 IF002 are vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 197504.
CVE-2021-20483||IBM Security Identity Manager 6.0.2 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). By sending a specially crafted request, a remote authenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive data. IBM X-Force ID: 197591.
CVE-2021-20484||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.0.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 197666.
CVE-2021-20485||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.0.3 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 197667.
CVE-2021-20486||IBM Cloud Pak for Data 3.0 could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information when installed with additional plugins. IBM X-Force ID: 197668.
CVE-2021-20487||IBM Power9 Self Boot Engine(SBE) could allow a privileged user to inject malicious code and compromise the integrity of the host firmware bypassing the host firmware signature verification process.
CVE-2021-20488||IBM Security Identity Manager 6.0.2 could allow an authenticated malicious user to change the passwords of other users in the Windows AD environment when IBM Security Identity Manager Windows Password Synch Plug-in is deployed and configured. IBM X-Force ID: 197789.
CVE-2021-20489||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 197790.
CVE-2021-2049||Vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Administration). Supported versions that are affected are 5.5.0.0.0, 11.1.1.9.0, 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle BI Publisher. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle BI Publisher accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle BI Publisher accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle BI Publisher. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-20490||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.8 could allow a local user to cause a denial of service due to insecure file permission settings. IBM X-Force ID: 197791.
CVE-2021-20491||IBM Spectrum Protect Server 7.1 and 8.1 is subject to a stack-based buffer overflow caused by improper bounds checking during the parsing of commands. By issuing such a command with an improper parameter, an authorized administrator could overflow a buffer and cause the server to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 197792.
CVE-2021-20492||IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.0, 8.5, 9.0, and Liberty Java Batch is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 197793.
CVE-2021-20493||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.1.7 and 11.2.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 197794.
CVE-2021-20494||IBM Security Identity Manager Adapters 6.0 and 7.0 are vulnerable to a heap based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds. An authenticared user could overflow the buffer and cause the service to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 197882.
CVE-2021-20496||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 could allow an authenticated user to bypass input due to improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 197966.
CVE-2021-20497||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 197969
CVE-2021-20498||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 reveals version information in HTTP requests that could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 197972.
CVE-2021-20499||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 197973
CVE-2021-2050||Vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: E-Business Suite - XDO). Supported versions that are affected are 5.5.0.0.0, 11.1.1.9.0, 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle BI Publisher. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle BI Publisher accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle BI Publisher accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle BI Publisher. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-20500||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 could reveal highly sensitive information to a local privileged user. IBM X-Force ID: 197980.
CVE-2021-20501||IBM i 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, and 7.4 SMTP allows a network attacker to send emails to non-existent local-domain recipients to the SMTP server, caused by using a non-default configuration. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to consume unnecessary network bandwidth and disk space, and allow remote attackers to send spam email. IBM X-Force ID: 198056.
CVE-2021-20502||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 198059.
CVE-2021-20503||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198182.
CVE-2021-20504||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198231.
CVE-2021-20505||The PowerVM Logical Partition Mobility(LPM) (PowerVM Hypervisor FW920, FW930, FW940, and FW950) encryption key exchange protocol can be compromised. If an attacker has the ability to capture encrypted LPM network traffic and is able to gain service access to the FSP they can use this information to perform a series of PowerVM service procedures to decrypt the captured migration traffic IBM X-Force ID: 198232
CVE-2021-20506||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198231.
CVE-2021-20507||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198235.
CVE-2021-20508||IBM Security Secret Server up to 11.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 199322.
CVE-2021-20509||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0 and 7.6.1 is potentially vulnerable to CSV Injection. A remote attacker could execute arbitrary commands on the system, caused by improper validation of csv file contents. IBM X-Force ID: 198243.
CVE-2021-2051||Vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: E-Business Suite - XDO). Supported versions that are affected are 5.5.0.0.0, 11.1.1.9.0, 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle BI Publisher. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle BI Publisher accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle BI Publisher accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle BI Publisher. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-20510||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 stores user credentials in plain clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 198299
CVE-2021-20511||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to view arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198300.
CVE-2021-20515||IBM Informix Dynamic Server 14.10 is vulnerable to a stack based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A local privileged user could overflow a buffer and execute arbitrary code on the system or cause a denial of service condition. IBM X-Force ID: 198366.
CVE-2021-20517||IBM WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment 8.5 and 9.0 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to traverse directories. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to read and delete arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198435.
CVE-2021-20518||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198437.
CVE-2021-20519||IBM Jazz Team Server products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198441.
CVE-2021-2052||Vulnerability in the JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Orchestrator product of Oracle JD Edwards (component: E1 IOT Orchestrator Security). The supported version that is affected is Prior to 9.2.5.1. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Orchestrator. While the vulnerability is in JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Orchestrator, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Orchestrator accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 5.8 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20520||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198572.
CVE-2021-20523||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198660
CVE-2021-20524||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198661.
CVE-2021-20526||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to set the HTTPOnly flag. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information from the cookie. IBM X-Force ID: 198755.
CVE-2021-20527||IBM Resilient SOAR V38.0 could allow a privileged user to create create malicious scripts that could be executed as another user. IBM X-Force ID: 198759.
CVE-2021-20528||IBM Control Center 6.2.0.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 198761.
CVE-2021-20529||IBM Control Center 6.2.0.0 could allow a user to obtain sensitive version information that could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198763.
CVE-2021-2053||Vulnerability in the Enterprise Manager Base Platform product of Oracle Enterprise Manager (component: UI Framework). The supported version that is affected is 13.4.0.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Enterprise Manager Base Platform. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Enterprise Manager Base Platform, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Enterprise Manager Base Platform accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Enterprise Manager Base Platform accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.1 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20532||IBM Spectrum Protect Client 8.1.0.0 through 8.1.11.0 could allow a local user to escalate their privileges to take full control of the system due to insecure directory permissions. IBM X-Force ID: 198811.
CVE-2021-20533||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system by sending a specially crafted request. IBM X-Force ID: 198813
CVE-2021-20534||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to conduct phishing attacks, using an open redirect attack. By persuading a victim to visit a specially crafted Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to spoof the URL displayed to redirect a user to a malicious Web site that would appear to be trusted. This could allow the attacker to obtain highly sensitive information or conduct further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 198814
CVE-2021-20535||IBM Jazz Reporting Service 6.0.6.1, 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 198834.
CVE-2021-20536||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus File Systems Agent 10.1.6 and 10.1.7 stores potentially sensitive information in log files that could be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 198836.
CVE-2021-20537||IBM Security Verify Access Docker 10.0.0 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID:198918
CVE-2021-20538||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.5.0.0 and 1.5.0.1 could allow a user to obtain sensitive information or perform actions they should not have access to due to incorrect authorization mechanisms. IBM X-Force ID: 198919.
CVE-2021-20539||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.5.0.0, 1.5.1.0, 1.6.0.0, 1.6.1.0, 1.7.0.0, and 1.7.1.0 could disclose sensitive information to an unauthorized user through HTTP GET requests. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198920.
CVE-2021-2054||Vulnerability in the RDBMS Sharding component of Oracle Database Server. Supported versions that are affected are 12.2.0.1, 18c and 19c. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker having Create Any Procedure, Create Any View, Create Any Trigger privilege with network access via Oracle Net to compromise RDBMS Sharding. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of RDBMS Sharding. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.2 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20540||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.5.0.0, 1.5.1.0, 1.6.0.0, 1.6.1.0, 1.7.0.0, and 1.7.1.0 could disclose sensitive information to an unauthorized user through HTTP GET requests. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198923.
CVE-2021-20541||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.5.0.0, 1.5.1.0, 1.6.0.0, 1.6.1.0, 1.7.0.0, and 1.7.1.0 could disclose sensitive information to an unauthorized user through HTTP GET requests. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 198927.
CVE-2021-20543||IBM Jazz Team Server 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 is vulnerable to HTML injection. A remote attacker could inject malicious HTML code, which when viewed, would be executed in the victim's Web browser within the security context of the hosting site. IBM X-Force ID: 198929.
CVE-2021-20544||IBM Jazz Team Server 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 198931.
CVE-2021-20546||IBM Spectrum Protect Client 8.1.0.0 through 8.1.11.0 is vulnerable to a stack-based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A local attacker could overflow a buffer and cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 198934
CVE-2021-20549||IBM Content Navigator 3.0.CD is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199167.
CVE-2021-2055||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.21 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20550||IBM Content Navigator 3.0.CD is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199168.
CVE-2021-20551||IBM Jazz Team Server 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 199149.
CVE-2021-20552||IBM Sterling File Gateway 6.0.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 199170.
CVE-2021-20554||IBM Sterling Order Management 9.4, 9.5, and 10.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199179.
CVE-2021-20557||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system by sending a specially crafted request. IBM X-Force ID: 199184.
CVE-2021-20559||IBM Control Desk 7.6.1.2 and 7.6.1.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199228.
CVE-2021-2056||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: DML). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.4 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20560||IBM Sterling Connect:Direct Browser User Interface 1.4.1.1 and 1.5.0.2 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 199229.
CVE-2021-20561||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199230.
CVE-2021-20562||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5_3 and 6.1.0.0 through 6.1.0.2 vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199232.
CVE-2021-20563||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.0.3 could allow a remote authenciated user to obtain sensitive information. By sending a specially crafted request, the user could disclose a valid filepath on the server which could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 199234.
CVE-2021-20564||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.4.0.0, 1.5.0.0, 1.5.0.1, 1.6.0.0, and 1.6.0.1 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 199235.
CVE-2021-20565||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.4.0.0, 1.5.0.0, 1.5.0.1, 1.6.0.0, and 1.6.0.1 uses a protection mechanism that relies on the existence or values of an input, but the input can be modified by an untrusted actor in a way that bypasses the protection mechanism. IBM X-Force ID: 199236.
CVE-2021-20566||IBM Resilient SOAR V38.0 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 199238.
CVE-2021-20567||IBM Resilient SOAR V38.0 could allow a local privileged attacker to obtain sensitive information due to improper or nonexisting encryption.IBM X-Force ID: 199239.
CVE-2021-20569||IBM Security Secret Server up to 11.0 could allow an attacker to enumerate usernames due to improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 199243.
CVE-2021-2057||Vulnerability in the Oracle Retail Customer Management and Segmentation Foundation product of Oracle Retail Applications (component: Internal Operations). The supported version that is affected is 19.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Retail Customer Management and Segmentation Foundation. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Retail Customer Management and Segmentation Foundation accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Retail Customer Management and Segmentation Foundation accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle Retail Customer Management and Segmentation Foundation. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 6.3 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:L).
CVE-2021-20571||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator 5.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199246.
CVE-2021-20572||IBM Security Identity Manager Adapters 6.0 and 7.0 are vulnerable to a stack-based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A remote authenticated attacker could overflow the and cause the server to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 199247.
CVE-2021-20573||IBM Security Identity Manager Adapters 6.0 and 7.0 are vulnerable to a heap-based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A remote authenticated attacker could overflow the and cause the server to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 199249.
CVE-2021-20574||IBM Security Identity Manager Adapters 6.0 and 7.0 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to conduct an LDAP injection. By using a specially crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability and takeover other accounts. IBM X-Force ID: 199252.
CVE-2021-20575||IBM Security Verify Access 20.07 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. X-Force ID: 199278.
CVE-2021-20576||IBM Security Verify Access 20.07 could allow a remote attacker to send a specially crafted HTTP GET request that could cause the application to crash.
CVE-2021-20577||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.5.0.0 and 1.5.0.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 199281.
CVE-2021-20578||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.7.0.0, 1.7.1.0, 1.7.2.0, and 1.8.0.0 could allow an attacker to perform unauthorized actions due to improper or missing authentication controls. IBM X-Force ID: 199282.
CVE-2021-20579||IBM Db2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes Db2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow a user who can create a view or inline SQL function to obtain sensitive information when AUTO_REVAL is set to DEFFERED_FORCE. IBM X-Force ID: 199283.
CVE-2021-2058||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Locking). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20580||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could be vulnerable to cross-site request forgery (CSRF) which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 198241.
CVE-2021-20582||IBM Security Secret Server up to 11.0 stores sensitive information in URL parameters. This may lead to information disclosure if unauthorized parties have access to the URLs via server logs, referrer header or browser history. IBM X-Force ID: 199328.
CVE-2021-20583||IBM Security Verify (IBM Security Verify Privilege Vault 10.9.66) could disclose sensitive information through an HTTP GET request by a privileged user due to improper input validation.. IBM X-Force ID: 199396.
CVE-2021-20584||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 could allow a remote attacker to upload arbitrary files, caused by improper access controls. IBM X-Force ID: 199397.
CVE-2021-20585||IBM Security Verify Access 20.07 could disclose sensitive information in HTTP server headers that could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 199398.
CVE-2021-20586||Resource management errors vulnerability in a robot controller of MELFA FR Series(controller "CR800-*V*D" of RV-*FR***-D-* all versions, controller "CR800-*HD" of RH-*FRH***-D-* all versions, controller "CR800-*HRD" of RH-*FRHR***-D-* all versions, controller "CR800-*V*R with R16RTCPU" of RV-*FR***-R-* all versions, controller "CR800-*HR with R16RTCPU" of RH-*FRH***-R-* all versions, controller "CR800-*HRR with R16RTCPU" of RH-*FRHR***-R-* all versions, controller "CR800-*V*Q with Q172DSRCPU" of RV-*FR***-Q-* all versions, controller "CR800-*HQ with Q172DSRCPU" of RH-*FRH***-Q-* all versions, controller "CR800-*HRQ with Q172DSRCPU" of RH-*FRHR***-Q-* all versions) and a robot controller of MELFA CR Series(controller "CR800-CVD" of RV-8CRL-D-* all versions, controller "CR800-CHD" of RH-*CRH**-D-* all versions) as well as a cooperative robot ASSISTA(controller "CR800-05VD" of RV-5AS-D-* all versions) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a DoS of the execution of the robot program and the Ethernet communication by sending a large amount of packets in burst over a short period of time. As a result of DoS, an error may occur. A reset is required to recover it if the error occurs.
CVE-2021-20587||Heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric FA Engineering Software (CPU Module Logging Configuration Tool versions 1.112R and prior, CW Configurator versions 1.011M and prior, Data Transfer versions 3.44W and prior, EZSocket versions 5.4 and prior, FR Configurator all versions, FR Configurator SW3 all versions, FR Configurator2 versions 1.24A and prior, GT Designer3 Version1(GOT1000) versions 1.250L and prior, GT Designer3 Version1(GOT2000) versions 1.250L and prior, GT SoftGOT1000 Version3 versions 3.245F and prior, GT SoftGOT2000 Version1 versions 1.250L and prior, GX Configurator-DP versions 7.14Q and prior, GX Configurator-QP all versions, GX Developer versions 8.506C and prior, GX Explorer all versions, GX IEC Developer all versions, GX LogViewer versions 1.115U and prior, GX RemoteService-I all versions, GX Works2 versions 1.597X and prior, GX Works3 versions 1.070Y and prior, iQ Monozukuri ANDON (Data Transfer) all versions, iQ Monozukuri Process Remote Monitoring (Data Transfer) all versions, M_CommDTM-HART all versions, M_CommDTM-IO-Link versions 1.03D and prior, MELFA-Works versions 4.4 and prior, MELSEC WinCPU Setting Utility all versions, MELSOFT EM Software Development Kit (EM Configurator) versions 1.015R and prior, MELSOFT Navigator versions 2.74C and prior, MH11 SettingTool Version2 versions 2.004E and prior, MI Configurator versions 1.004E and prior, MT Works2 versions 1.167Z and prior, MX Component versions 5.001B and prior, Network Interface Board CC IE Control utility versions 1.29F and prior, Network Interface Board CC IE Field Utility versions 1.16S and prior, Network Interface Board CC-Link Ver.2 Utility versions 1.23Z and prior, Network Interface Board MNETH utility versions 34L and prior, PX Developer versions 1.53F and prior, RT ToolBox2 versions 3.73B and prior, RT ToolBox3 versions 1.82L and prior, Setting/monitoring tools for the C Controller module (SW4PVC-CCPU) versions 4.12N and prior and SLMP Data Collector versions 1.04E and prior) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a DoS condition of the software products, and possibly to execute a malicious program on the personal computer running the software products although it has not been reproduced, by spoofing MELSEC, GOT or FREQROL and returning crafted reply packets.
CVE-2021-20588||Improper handling of length parameter inconsistency vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric FA Engineering Software(CPU Module Logging Configuration Tool versions 1.112R and prior, CW Configurator versions 1.011M and prior, Data Transfer versions 3.44W and prior, EZSocket versions 5.4 and prior, FR Configurator all versions, FR Configurator SW3 all versions, FR Configurator2 versions 1.24A and prior, GT Designer3 Version1(GOT1000) versions 1.250L and prior, GT Designer3 Version1(GOT2000) versions 1.250L and prior, GT SoftGOT1000 Version3 versions 3.245F and prior, GT SoftGOT2000 Version1 versions 1.250L and prior, GX Configurator-DP versions 7.14Q and prior, GX Configurator-QP all versions, GX Developer versions 8.506C and prior, GX Explorer all versions, GX IEC Developer all versions, GX LogViewer versions 1.115U and prior, GX RemoteService-I all versions, GX Works2 versions 1.597X and prior, GX Works3 versions 1.070Y and prior, iQ Monozukuri ANDON (Data Transfer) all versions, iQ Monozukuri Process Remote Monitoring (Data Transfer) all versions, M_CommDTM-HART all versions, M_CommDTM-IO-Link versions 1.03D and prior, MELFA-Works versions 4.4 and prior, MELSEC WinCPU Setting Utility all versions, MELSOFT EM Software Development Kit (EM Configurator) versions 1.015R and prior, MELSOFT Navigator versions 2.74C and prior, MH11 SettingTool Version2 versions 2.004E and prior, MI Configurator versions 1.004E and prior, MT Works2 versions 1.167Z and prior, MX Component versions 5.001B and prior, Network Interface Board CC IE Control utility versions 1.29F and prior, Network Interface Board CC IE Field Utility versions 1.16S and prior, Network Interface Board CC-Link Ver.2 Utility versions 1.23Z and prior, Network Interface Board MNETH utility versions 34L and prior, PX Developer versions 1.53F and prior, RT ToolBox2 versions 3.73B and prior, RT ToolBox3 versions 1.82L and prior, Setting/monitoring tools for the C Controller module (SW4PVC-CCPU) versions 4.12N and prior and SLMP Data Collector versions 1.04E and prior) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a DoS condition of the software products, and possibly to execute a malicious program on the personal computer running the software products although it has not been reproduced, by spoofing MELSEC, GOT or FREQROL and returning crafted reply packets.
CVE-2021-20589||Buffer access with incorrect length value vulnerability in GOT2000 series GT27 model communication driver versions 01.19.000 through 01.38.000, GT25 model communication driver versions 01.19.000 through 01.38.000, GT23 model communication driver versions 01.19.000 through 01.38.000 and GT21 model communication driver versions 01.21.000 through 01.39.000, GOT SIMPLE series GS21 model communication driver versions 01.21.000 through 01.39.000, GT SoftGOT2000 versions 1.170C through 1.250L and Tension Controller LE7-40GU-L Screen package data for MODBUS/TCP V1.00 allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the communication function of the products via specially crafted packets.
CVE-2021-2059||Vulnerability in the Oracle iStore product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Web interface). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.1-12.1.3 and 12.2.3-12.2.10. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle iStore. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle iStore accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 5.3 (Confidentiality impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N).
CVE-2021-20590||Improper authentication vulnerability in GOT2000 series GT27 model VNC server versions 01.39.010 and prior, GOT2000 series GT25 model VNC server versions 01.39.010 and prior, GOT2000 series GT21 model GT2107-WTBD VNC server versions 01.40.000 and prior, GOT2000 series GT21 model GT2107-WTSD VNC server versions 01.40.000 and prior, GOT SIMPLE series GS21 model GS2110-WTBD-N VNC server versions 01.40.000 and prior and GOT SIMPLE series GS21 model GS2107-WTBD-N VNC server versions 01.40.000 and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to gain unauthorized access via specially crafted packets when the "VNC server" function is used.
CVE-2021-20591||Uncontrolled Resource Consumption vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series CPU modules (R00/01/02CPU all versions, R04/08/16/32/120(EN)CPU all versions, R08/16/32/120SFCPU all versions, R08/16/32/120PCPU all versions, R08/16/32/120PSFCPU all versions) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to prevent legitimate clients from connecting to the MELSOFT transmission port (TCP/IP) by not closing a connection properly, which may lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-20592||Missing synchronization vulnerability in GOT2000 series GT27 model communication driver versions 01.19.000 through 01.39.010, GT25 model communication driver versions 01.19.000 through 01.39.010 and GT23 model communication driver versions 01.19.000 through 01.39.010 and GT SoftGOT2000 versions 1.170C through 1.256S allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause DoS condition on the MODBUS/TCP slave communication function of the products by rapidly and repeatedly connecting and disconnecting to and from the MODBUS/TCP communication port on a target. Restart or reset is required to recover.
CVE-2021-20593||Incorrect Implementation of Authentication Algorithm in Mitsubishi Electric Air Conditioning System/Centralized Controllers (G-50A Ver.2.50 to Ver. 3.35, GB-50A Ver.2.50 to Ver. 3.35, AG-150A-A Ver.3.20 and prior, AG-150A-J Ver.3.20 and prior, GB-50ADA-A Ver.3.20 and prior, GB-50ADA-J Ver.3.20 and prior, EB-50GU-A Ver 7.09 and prior, EB-50GU-J Ver 7.09 and prior, AE-200A Ver 7.93 and prior, AE-200E Ver 7.93 and prior, AE-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, AE-50E Ver 7.93 and prior, EW-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, EW-50E Ver 7.93 and prior, TE-200A Ver 7.93 and prior, TE-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, TW-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, CMS-RMD-J Ver.1.30 and prior) and Air Conditioning System/Expansion Controllers (PAC-YG50ECA Ver.2.20 and prior) allows a remote authenticated attacker to impersonate administrators to disclose configuration information of the air conditioning system and tamper information (e.g. operation information and configuration of air conditioning system) by exploiting this vulnerability.
CVE-2021-20594||Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series Safety CPU modules R08/16/32/120SFCPU firmware versions "26" and prior and Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series SIL2 Process CPU modules R08/16/32/120PSFCPU all versions allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to acquire legitimate user names registered in the module via brute-force attack on user names.
CVE-2021-20595||Improper Restriction of XML External Entity Reference vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric Air Conditioning System/Centralized Controllers (G-50A Ver.3.35 and prior, GB-50A Ver.3.35 and prior, GB-24A Ver.9.11 and prior, AG-150A-A Ver.3.20 and prior, AG-150A-J Ver.3.20 and prior, GB-50ADA-A Ver.3.20 and prior, GB-50ADA-J Ver.3.20 and prior, EB-50GU-A Ver 7.09 and prior, EB-50GU-J Ver 7.09 and prior, AE-200A Ver 7.93 and prior, AE-200E Ver 7.93 and prior, AE-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, AE-50E Ver 7.93 and prior, EW-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, EW-50E Ver 7.93 and prior, TE-200A Ver 7.93 and prior, TE-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, TW-50A Ver 7.93 and prior, CMS-RMD-J Ver.1.30 and prior), Air Conditioning System/Expansion Controllers (PAC-YG50ECA Ver.2.20 and prior) and Air Conditioning System/BM adapter(BAC-HD150 Ver.2.21 and prior) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to disclose some of data in the air conditioning system or cause a DoS condition by sending specially crafted packets.
CVE-2021-20596||NULL Pointer Dereference in MELSEC-F Series FX3U-ENET firmware version 1.14 and prior, FX3U-ENET-L firmware version 1.14 and prior and FX3U-ENET-P502 firmware version 1.14 and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a DoS condition in communication by sending specially crafted packets. Control by MELSEC-F series PLC is not affected and system reset is required for recovery.
CVE-2021-20597||Insufficiently Protected Credentials vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series Safety CPU modules R08/16/32/120SFCPU firmware versions "26" and prior and Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series SIL2 Process CPU modules R08/16/32/120PSFCPU all versions allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to login to the target unauthorizedly by sniffing network traffic and obtaining credentials when registering user information in the target or changing a password.
CVE-2021-20598||Overly Restrictive Account Lockout Mechanism vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series CPU modules (R08/16/32/120SFCPU all versions, R08/16/32/120PSFCPU all versions) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to lockout a legitimate user by continuously trying login with incorrect password.
CVE-2021-20599||Cleartext transmission of sensitive information vulnerability in MELSEC iQ-R series Safety CPU R08/16/32/120SFCPU firmware versions "26" and prior and MELSEC iQ-R series SIL2 Process CPU R08/16/32/120PSFCPU all versions allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to login to a target CPU module by obtaining credentials other than password.
CVE-2021-2060||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 5.6.50 and prior, 5.7.32 and prior and 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20600||Uncontrolled resource consumption in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series C Controller Module R12CCPU-V Firmware Versions "16" and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending a large number of packets in a short time while the module starting up. System reset is required for recovery.
CVE-2021-20601||Improper input validation vulnerability in GOT2000 series GT27 model all versions, GOT2000 series GT25 model all versions, GOT2000 series GT23 model all versions, GOT2000 series GT21 model all versions, GOT SIMPLE series GS21 model all versions, and GT SoftGOT2000 all versions allows an remote unauthenticated attacker to write a value that exceeds the configured input range limit by sending a malicious packet to rewrite the device value. As a result, the system operation may be affected, such as malfunction.
CVE-2021-20602||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20603||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20604||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20605||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2021-20606||Out-of-bounds Read vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric GX Works2 versions 1.606G and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSOFT Navigator versions 2.84N and prior and Mitsubishi Electric EZSocket versions 5.4 and prior allows an attacker to cause a DoS condition in the software by getting a user to open malicious project file specially crafted by an attacker.
CVE-2021-20607||Integer Underflow vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric GX Works2 versions 1.606G and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSOFT Navigator versions 2.84N and prior and Mitsubishi Electric EZSocket versions 5.4 and prior allows an attacker to cause a DoS condition in the software by getting a user to open malicious project file specially crafted by an attacker.
CVE-2021-20608||Improper Handling of Length Parameter Inconsistency vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric GX Works2 versions 1.606G and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a DoS condition in GX Works2 by getting GX Works2 to read a tampered program file from a Mitsubishi Electric PLC by sending malicious crafted packets to tamper with the program file.
CVE-2021-20609||Uncontrolled Resource Consumption vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R00/01/02CPU Firmware versions "24" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R04/08/16/32/120(EN)CPU Firmware versions "57" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120SFCPU Firmware versions "28" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120PCPU Firmware versions "29" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120PSFCPU Firmware versions "08" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R16/32/64MTCPU Operating system software version "23" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R12CCPU-V Firmware versions "16" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q03UDECPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q04/06/10/13/20/26/50/100UDEHCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q03/04/06/13/26UDVCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23071" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q04/06/13/26UDPVCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23071" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q12DCCPU-V The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q24DHCCPU-V(G) The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q24/26DHCCPU-LS The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series MR-MQ100 Operating system software version "F" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q172/173DCPU-S1 Operating system software version "W" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q172/173DSCPU All versions, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q170MCPU Operating system software version "W" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q170MSCPU(-S1) All versions, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC L Series L02/06/26CPU(-P) The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC L Series L26CPU-(P)BT The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior and Mitsubishi Electric MELIPC Series MI5122-VW Firmware versions "05" and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending specially crafted packets. System reset is required for recovery.
CVE-2021-2061||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: DDL). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.4 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20610||Improper Handling of Length Parameter Inconsistency vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R00/01/02CPU Firmware versions "24" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R04/08/16/32/120(EN)CPU Firmware versions "57" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120SFCPU Firmware versions "28" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120PCPU Firmware versions "29" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120PSFCPU Firmware versions "08" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R16/32/64MTCPU Operating system software version "23" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R12CCPU-V Firmware versions "16" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q03UDECPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q04/06/10/13/20/26/50/100UDEHCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q03/04/06/13/26UDVCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23071" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q04/06/13/26UDPVCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23071" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q12DCCPU-V The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q24DHCCPU-V(G) The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q24/26DHCCPU-LS The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series MR-MQ100 Operating system software version "F" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q172/173DCPU-S1 Operating system software version "W" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q172/173DSCPU All versions, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q170MCPU Operating system software version "W" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q170MSCPU(-S1) All versions, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC L Series L02/06/26CPU(-P) The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC L Series L26CPU-(P)BT The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior and Mitsubishi Electric MELIPC Series MI5122-VW Firmware versions "05" and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending specially crafted packets. System reset is required for recovery.
CVE-2021-20611||Improper Input Validation vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R00/01/02CPU Firmware versions "24" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R04/08/16/32/120(EN)CPU Firmware versions "57" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120SFCPU Firmware versions "28" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120PCPU Firmware versions "29" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R08/16/32/120PSFCPU Firmware versions "08" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R16/32/64MTCPU Operating system software version "23" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R Series R12CCPU-V Firmware versions "16" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q03UDECPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q04/06/10/13/20/26/50/100UDEHCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q03/04/06/13/26UDVCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23071" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q04/06/13/26UDPVCPU The first 5 digits of serial No. "23071" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q12DCCPU-V The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q24DHCCPU-V(G) The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q24/26DHCCPU-LS The first 5 digits of serial No. "24031" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series MR-MQ100 Operating system software version "F" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q172/173DCPU-S1 Operating system software version "W" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q172/173DSCPU All versions, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q170MCPU Operating system software version "W" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC Q Series Q170MSCPU(-S1) All versions, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC L Series L02/06/26CPU(-P) The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior, Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC L Series L26CPU-(P)BT The first 5 digits of serial No. "23121" and prior and Mitsubishi Electric MELIPC Series MI5122-VW Firmware versions "05" and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending specially crafted packets. System reset is required for recovery.
CVE-2021-20612||Lack of administrator control over security vulnerability in MELSEC-F series FX3U-ENET Firmware version 1.14 and prior, FX3U-ENET-L Firmware version 1.14 and prior and FX3U-ENET-P502 Firmware version 1.14 and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition in communication function of the product or other unspecified effects by sending specially crafted packets to an unnecessary opening of TCP port. Control by MELSEC-F series PLC is not affected by this vulnerability, but system reset is required for recovery.
CVE-2021-20613||Improper initialization vulnerability in MELSEC-F series FX3U-ENET Firmware version 1.16 and prior, FX3U-ENET-L Firmware version 1.16 and prior and FX3U-ENET-P502 Firmware version 1.16 and prior allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition in communication function of the product by sending specially crafted packets. Control by MELSEC-F series PLC is not affected by this vulnerability, but system reset is required for recovery.
CVE-2021-20616||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installer of SKYSEA Client View Ver.1.020.05b to Ver.16.001.01g allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2021-20617||Improper access control vulnerability in acmailer ver. 4.0.1 and earlier, and acmailer DB ver. 1.1.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute an arbitrary OS command, or gain an administrative privilege which may result in obtaining the sensitive information on the server via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20618||Privilege chaining vulnerability in acmailer ver. 4.0.2 and earlier, and acmailer DB ver. 1.1.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and to gain an administrative privilege which may result in obtaining the sensitive information on the server via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20619||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI (v4.2 Series) versions prior to v4.2.3 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2062||Vulnerability in the Oracle BI Publisher product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Web Server). Supported versions that are affected are 5.5.0.0.0, 11.1.1.9.0, 12.2.1.3.0 and 12.2.1.4.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows low privileged attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle BI Publisher. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle BI Publisher, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle BI Publisher accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle BI Publisher accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 7.6 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20620||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Aterm WF800HP firmware Ver1.0.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20621||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Aterm WG2600HP firmware Ver1.0.2 and earlier, and Aterm WG2600HP2 firmware Ver1.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20622||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Aterm WG2600HP firmware Ver1.0.2 and earlier, and Aterm WG2600HP2 firmware Ver1.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20623||Video Insight VMS versions prior to 7.8 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code with the system user privilege by sending a specially crafted request.
CVE-2021-20624||Improper access control vulnerability in Scheduler of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows an authenticated attacker to bypass access restriction and alter the data of Scheduler via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20625||Improper access control vulnerability in Bulletin Board of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows an authenticated attacker to bypass access restriction and alter the data of Bulletin Board via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20626||Improper access control vulnerability in Workflow of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and alter the data of Workflow via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20627||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Address Book of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20628||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Address Book of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors. Note that this vulnerability occurs only when using Mozilla Firefox.
CVE-2021-20629||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in E-mail of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2063||Vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools product of Oracle PeopleSoft (component: Portal). Supported versions that are affected are 8.56, 8.57 and 8.58. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with logon to the infrastructure where PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools executes to compromise PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.4 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20630||Improper access control vulnerability in Phone Messages of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and obtain the data of Phone Messages via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20631||Improper input validation vulnerability in Custom App of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows authenticated attacker to alter the data of Custom App via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20632||Improper access control vulnerability in Bulletin Board of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and obtain the data of Bulletin Board via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20633||Improper access control vulnerability in Cabinet of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and obtain the date of Cabinet via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20634||Improper access control vulnerability in Custom App of Cybozu Office 10.0.0 to 10.8.4 allows authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and obtain the date of Custom App via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20635||Improper restriction of excessive authentication attempts in LOGITEC LAN-WH450N/GR allows an attacker in the wireless range of the device to recover PIN and access the network.
CVE-2021-20636||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in LOGITEC LAN-W300N/PR5B allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via a specially crafted URL. As a result, unintended operations to the device such as changes of the device settings may be conducted.
CVE-2021-20637||Improper check or handling of exceptional conditions in LOGITEC LAN-W300N/PR5B allows a remote attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2021-20638||LOGITEC LAN-W300N/PGRB allows an attacker with administrative privilege to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20639||LOGITEC LAN-W300N/PGRB allows an attacker with administrative privilege to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2064||Vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Core Components). The supported version that is affected is 12.1.3.0.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via IIOP, T3 to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Oracle WebLogic Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 9.8 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20640||Buffer overflow vulnerability in LOGITEC LAN-W300N/PGRB allows an attacker with administrative privilege to execute an arbitrary OS command via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20641||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in LOGITEC LAN-W300N/RS allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via a specially crafted URL. As a result, unintended operations to the device such as changes of the device settings may be conducted.
CVE-2021-20642||Improper check or handling of exceptional conditions in LOGITEC LAN-W300N/RS allows a remote attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2021-20643||Improper access control vulnerability in ELECOM LD-PS/U1 allows remote attackers to change the administrative password of the affected device by processing a specially crafted request.
CVE-2021-20644||ELECOM WRC-1467GHBK-A allows arbitrary scripts to be executed on the user's web browser by displaying a specially crafted SSID on the web setup page.
CVE-2021-20645||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ELECOM WRC-300FEBK-A allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20646||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in ELECOM WRC-300FEBK-A allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators and execute an arbitrary request via unspecified vector. As a result, the device settings may be altered and/or telnet daemon may be started.
CVE-2021-20647||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in ELECOM WRC-300FEBK-S allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators and execute an arbitrary request via unspecified vector. As a result, the device settings may be altered and/or telnet daemon may be started.
CVE-2021-20648||ELECOM WRC-300FEBK-S allows an attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20649||ELECOM WRC-300FEBK-S contains an improper certificate validation vulnerability. Via a man-in-the-middle attack, an attacker may alter the communication response. As a result, an arbitrary OS command may be executed on the affected device.
CVE-2021-2065||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20650||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in ELECOM NCC-EWF100RMWH2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators and execute an arbitrary request via unspecified vector. As a result, the device settings may be altered and/or telnet daemon may be started.
CVE-2021-20651||Directory traversal vulnerability in ELECOM File Manager all versions allows remote attackers to create an arbitrary file or overwrite an existing file in a directory which can be accessed with the application privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20652||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Name Directory 1.17.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20653||Calsos CSDJ (CSDJ-B 01.08.00 and earlier, CSDJ-H 01.08.00 and earlier, CSDJ-D 01.08.00 and earlier, and CSDJ-A 03.08.00 and earlier) allows remote attackers to bypass access restriction and to obtain unauthorized historical data without access privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20654||Wekan, open source kanban board system, between version 3.12 and 4.11, is vulnerable to multiple stored cross-site scripting. This is named 'Fieldbleed' in the vendor's site.
CVE-2021-20655||FileZen (V3.0.0 to V4.2.7 and V5.0.0 to V5.0.2) allows a remote attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20656||Exposure of information through directory listing in SolarView Compact SV-CPT-MC310 prior to Ver.6.5 allows an authenticated attacker to obtain the information inside the system, such as directories and/or file configurations via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20657||Improper access control vulnerability in SolarView Compact SV-CPT-MC310 prior to Ver.6.5 allows an authenticated attacker to obtain and/or alter the setting information without the access privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20658||SolarView Compact SV-CPT-MC310 prior to Ver.6.5 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands with the web server privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20659||SolarView Compact SV-CPT-MC310 prior to Ver.6.5 allows an authenticated attacker to upload arbitrary files via unspecified vectors. If the file is PHP script, an attacker may execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2021-2066||Vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Outside In Filters). Supported versions that are affected are 8.5.4 and 8.5.5. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Outside In Technology. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle Outside In Technology. Note: Outside In Technology is a suite of software development kits (SDKs). The protocol and CVSS score depend on the software that uses the Outside In Technology code. The CVSS score assumes that the software passes data received over a network directly to Outside In Technology code, but if data is not received over a network the CVSS score may be lower. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:H/A:L).
CVE-2021-20660||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in SolarView Compact SV-CPT-MC310 prior to Ver.6.5 allows an attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20661||Directory traversal vulnerability in SolarView Compact SV-CPT-MC310 prior to Ver.6.5 allows authenticated attackers to delete arbitrary files and/or directories on the server via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20662||Missing authentication for critical function in SolarView Compact SV-CPT-MC310 prior to Ver.6.5 allows an attacker to alter the setting information without the access privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20663||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in in Role authority setting screen of Movable Type 7 r.4705 and earlier (Movable Type 7 Series), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4705 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7 Series), Movable Type 6.7.5 and earlier (Movable Type 6.7 Series), Movable Type Premium 1.39 and earlier, and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.39 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20664||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in in Asset registration screen of Movable Type 7 r.4705 and earlier (Movable Type 7 Series), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4705 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7 Series), Movable Type 6.7.5 and earlier (Movable Type 6.7 Series), Movable Type Premium 1.39 and earlier, and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.39 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20665||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in in Add asset screen of Contents field of Movable Type 7 r.4705 and earlier (Movable Type 7 Series), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4705 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7 Series), Movable Type Premium 1.39 and earlier, and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.39 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20667||Stored cross-site scripting vulnerability due to inadequate CSP (Content Security Policy) configuration in GROWI versions v4.2.2 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to inject an arbitrary script via a specially crafted content.
CVE-2021-20668||Path traversal vulnerability in GROWI versions v4.2.2 and earlier allows an attacker with administrator rights to read an arbitrary path via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2021-20669||Path traversal vulnerability in GROWI versions v4.2.2 and earlier allows an attacker with administrator rights to read and/or delete an arbitrary path via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2021-2067||Vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Outside In Filters). Supported versions that are affected are 8.5.4 and 8.5.5. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Outside In Technology. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle Outside In Technology. Note: Outside In Technology is a suite of software development kits (SDKs). The protocol and CVSS score depend on the software that uses the Outside In Technology code. The CVSS score assumes that the software passes data received over a network directly to Outside In Technology code, but if data is not received over a network the CVSS score may be lower. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:H/A:L).
CVE-2021-20670||Improper access control vulnerability in GROWI versions v4.2.2 and earlier allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to read the user's personal information and/or server's internal information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20671||Invalid file validation on the upload feature in GROWI versions v4.2.2 allows a remote attacker with administrative privilege to overwrite the files on the server, which may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2021-20672||Reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability due to insufficient verification of URL query parameters in GROWI (v4.2 Series) versions from v4.2.0 to v4.2.7 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20673||Stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in Admin Page of GROWI (v4.2 Series) versions from v4.2.0 to v4.2.7 allows remote authenticated attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20674||Untrusted search path vulnerability in Installer of MagicConnect Client program distributed before 2021 March 1 allows an attacker to gain privileges and via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory and to execute arbitrary code with the privilege of the user invoking the installer when a terminal is connected remotely using Remote desktop.
CVE-2021-20675||M-System DL8 series (type A (DL8-A) versions prior to Ver3.0, type B (DL8-B) versions prior to Ver3.0, type C (DL8-C) versions prior to Ver3.0, type D (DL8-D) versions prior to Ver3.0, and type E (DL8-E) versions prior to Ver3.0) allows remote authenticated attackers to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20676||M-System DL8 series (type A (DL8-A) versions prior to Ver3.0, type B (DL8-B) versions prior to Ver3.0, type C (DL8-C) versions prior to Ver3.0, type D (DL8-D) versions prior to Ver3.0, and type E (DL8-E) versions prior to Ver3.0) allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and conduct prohibited operations via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20677||UNIVERGE Aspire series PBX (UNIVERGE Aspire WX from 1.00 to 3.51, UNIVERGE Aspire UX from 1.00 to 9.70, UNIVERGE SV9100 from 1.00 to 10.70, and SL2100 from 1.00 to 3.00) allows a remote authenticated attacker to cause system down and a denial of service (DoS) condition by sending a specially crafted command.
CVE-2021-20678||SQL injection vulnerability in the Paid Memberships Pro versions prior to 2.5.6 allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20679||Fuji Xerox multifunction devices and printers (DocuCentre-VII C7773/C6673/C5573/C4473/C3373/C3372/C2273, DocuCentre-VII C7788/C6688/C5588, ApeosPort-VII C7773/C6673/C5573/C4473/C3373/C3372 C2273, ApeosPort-VII C7788/C6688/C5588, ApeosPort C7070/C6570/C5570/C4570/C3570/C3070/C7070G/C6570G/C5570G/C4570G/C3570G/C3070G, ApeosPort-VII C4421/C3321, ApeosPort C3060/C2560/C2060/C3060G/C2560G/C2060G, ApeosPort-VII CP4421, ApeosPort Print C5570, ApeosPort 5570/4570/5570G/4570G, ApeosPort 3560/3060/2560/3560G/3060G/2560G, ApeosPort-VII 5021/ 4021, ApeosPort-VII P5021, DocuPrint CP 555 d/505 d, DocuPrint P505 d, PrimeLink C9065/C9070, DocuPrint CP475AP, and DocuPrint P475AP) allow an attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition and abnormal end (ABEND) of the affected products via sending a specially crafted command.
CVE-2021-2068||Vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Outside In Filters). Supported versions that are affected are 8.5.4 and 8.5.5. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Outside In Technology. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle Outside In Technology. Note: Outside In Technology is a suite of software development kits (SDKs). The protocol and CVSS score depend on the software that uses the Outside In Technology code. The CVSS score assumes that the software passes data received over a network directly to Outside In Technology code, but if data is not received over a network the CVSS score may be lower. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:H/A:L).
CVE-2021-20680||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in NEC Aterm devices (Aterm WG1900HP2 firmware Ver.1.3.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1900HP firmware Ver.2.5.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1800HP4 firmware Ver.1.3.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1800HP3 firmware Ver.1.5.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1200HS2 firmware Ver.2.5.0 and earlier, Aterm WG1200HP3 firmware Ver.1.3.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1200HP2 firmware Ver.2.5.0 and earlier, Aterm W1200EX firmware Ver.1.3.1 and earlier, Aterm W1200EX-MS firmware Ver.1.3.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1200HS firmware all versions Aterm WG1200HP firmware all versions Aterm WF800HP firmware all versions Aterm WF300HP2 firmware all versions Aterm WR8165N firmware all versions Aterm W500P firmware all versions, and Aterm W300P firmware all versions) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20681||Improper neutralization of JavaScript input in the page editing function of baserCMS versions prior to 4.4.5 allows remote authenticated attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20682||baserCMS versions prior to 4.4.5 allows a remote attacker with an administrative privilege to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20683||Improper neutralization of JavaScript input in the blog article editing function of baserCMS versions prior to 4.4.5 allows remote authenticated attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20684||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in MagazinegerZ v.1.01 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20685||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Kagemai 0.8.8 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20686||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Kagemai 0.8.8 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20687||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Kagemai 0.8.8 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20688||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Click Ranker Ver.3.5 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20689||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Yomi-Search Ver4.22 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2069||Vulnerability in the Oracle Outside In Technology product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Outside In Filters). Supported versions that are affected are 8.5.4 and 8.5.5. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Outside In Technology. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical data or all Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data as well as unauthorized read access to a subset of Oracle Outside In Technology accessible data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service (partial DOS) of Oracle Outside In Technology. Note: Outside In Technology is a suite of software development kits (SDKs). The protocol and CVSS score depend on the software that uses the Outside In Technology code. The CVSS score assumes that the software passes data received over a network directly to Outside In Technology code, but if data is not received over a network the CVSS score may be lower. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.6 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:H/A:L).
CVE-2021-20690||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Yomi-Search Ver4.22 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20691||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Yomi-Search Ver4.22 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20692||Directory traversal vulnerability in Archive collectively operation utility Ver.2.10.1.0 and earlier allows an attacker to create or overwrite files by leading a user to expand a malicious ZIP archives.
CVE-2021-20693||Improper access control vulnerability in Gurunavi App for Android ver.10.0.10 and earlier and for iOS ver.11.1.2 and earlier allows a remote attacker to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App.
CVE-2021-20694||Improper access control vulnerability in DAP-1880AC firmware version 1.21 and earlier allows a remote authenticated attacker to bypass access restriction and to start a telnet service via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20695||Improper following of a certificate's chain of trust vulnerability in DAP-1880AC firmware version 1.21 and earlier allows a remote authenticated attacker to gain root privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20696||DAP-1880AC firmware version 1.21 and earlier allows a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands by sending a specially crafted request to a specific CGI program.
CVE-2021-20697||Missing authentication for critical function in DAP-1880AC firmware version 1.21 and earlier allows a remote attacker to login to the device as an authenticated user without the access privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20698||Sharp NEC Displays (UN462A R1.300 and prior to it, UN462VA R1.300 and prior to it, UN492S R1.300 and prior to it, UN492VS R1.300 and prior to it, UN552A R1.300 and prior to it, UN552S R1.300 and prior to it, UN552VS R1.300 and prior to it, UN552 R1.300 and prior to it, UN552V R1.300 and prior to it, UX552S R1.300 and prior to it, UX552 R1.300 and prior to it, V864Q R2.000 and prior to it, C861Q R2.000 and prior to it, P754Q R2.000 and prior to it, V754Q R2.000 and prior to it, C751Q R2.000 and prior to it, V984Q R2.000 and prior to it, C981Q R2.000 and prior to it, P654Q R2.000 and prior to it, V654Q R2.000 and prior to it, C651Q R2.000 and prior to it, V554Q R2.000 and prior to it, P404 R3.200 and prior to it, P484 R3.200 and prior to it, P554 R3.200 and prior to it, V404 R3.200 and prior to it, V484 R3.200 and prior to it, V554 R3.200 and prior to it, V404-T R3.200 and prior to it, V484-T R3.200 and prior to it, V554-T R3.200 and prior to it, C501 R2.000 and prior to it, C551 R2.000 and prior to it, C431 R2.000 and prior to it) allows an attacker to obtain root privileges and execute remote code by sending unintended parameters that contain specific characters in http request.
CVE-2021-20699||Sharp NEC Displays ((UN462A R1.300 and prior to it, UN462VA R1.300 and prior to it, UN492S R1.300 and prior to it, UN492VS R1.300 and prior to it, UN552A R1.300 and prior to it, UN552S R1.300 and prior to it, UN552VS R1.300 and prior to it, UN552 R1.300 and prior to it, UN552V R1.300 and prior to it, UX552S R1.300 and prior to it, UX552 R1.300 and prior to it, V864Q R2.000 and prior to it, C861Q R2.000 and prior to it, P754Q R2.000 and prior to it, V754Q R2.000 and prior to it, C751Q R2.000 and prior to it, V984Q R2.000 and prior to it, C981Q R2.000 and prior to it, P654Q R2.000 and prior to it, V654Q R2.000 and prior to it, C651Q R2.000 and prior to it, V554Q R2.000 and prior to it, P404 R3.200 and prior to it, P484 R3.200 and prior to it, P554 R3.200 and prior to it, V404 R3.200 and prior to it, V484 R3.200 and prior to it, V554 R3.200 and prior to it, V404-T R3.200 and prior to it, V484-T R3.200 and prior to it, V554-T R3.200 and prior to it, C501 R2.000 and prior to it, C551 R2.000 and prior to it, C431 R2.000 and prior to it) allows an attacker a buffer overflow and to execute remote code by sending long parameters that contains specific characters in http request.
CVE-2021-2070||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20700||Buffer overflow vulnerability in the Disk Agent CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to remote code execution via a network.
CVE-2021-20701||Buffer overflow vulnerability in the Disk Agent CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to remote code execution via a network.
CVE-2021-20702||Buffer overflow vulnerability in the Transaction Server CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to remote code execution via a network.
CVE-2021-20703||Buffer overflow vulnerability in the Transaction Server CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to remote code execution via a network.
CVE-2021-20704||Buffer overflow vulnerability in the compatible API with previous versions CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to remote code execution via a network.
CVE-2021-20705||Improper input validation vulnerability in the WebManager CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to remote file upload via network.
CVE-2021-20706||Improper input validation vulnerability in the WebManager CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to remote file upload via network.
CVE-2021-20707||Improper input validation vulnerability in the Transaction Server CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 for Windows and earlier, CLUSTERPRO X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier, EXPRESSCLUSTER X 4.3 SingleServerSafe for Windows and earlier allows attacker to read files upload via network..
CVE-2021-20708||NEC Aterm devices (Aterm WF1200CR firmware Ver1.3.2 and earlier, Aterm WG1200CR firmware Ver1.3.3 and earlier, and Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.5.1 and earlier) allow authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands by sending a specially crafted request to a specific URL.
CVE-2021-20709||Improper validation of integrity check value vulnerability in NEC Aterm WF1200CR firmware Ver1.3.2 and earlier, Aterm WG1200CR firmware Ver1.3.3 and earlier, and Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.5.1 and earlier allows an attacker with an administrative privilege to execute arbitrary OS commands by sending a specially crafted request to a specific URL.
CVE-2021-2071||Vulnerability in the PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools product of Oracle PeopleSoft (component: Elastic Search). Supported versions that are affected are 8.56, 8.57 and 8.58. Difficult to exploit vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of PeopleSoft Enterprise PeopleTools. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.1 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20710||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.5.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20711||Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.5.1 and earlier allows an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20712||Improper access control vulnerability in NEC Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.5.1 and earlier, and Aterm WX3000HP firmware Ver1.1.2 and earlier allows a device connected to the LAN side to be accessed from the WAN side due to the defect in the IPv6 firewall function.
CVE-2021-20713||Privilege escalation vulnerability in QND Advance/Premium/Standard Ver.11.0.4i and earlier allows an attacker who can log in to the PC where the product's Windows client is installed to gain administrative privileges via unspecified vectors. As a result, sensitive information may be altered/obtained or unintended operations may be performed.
CVE-2021-20714||Directory traversal vulnerability in WP Fastest Cache versions prior to 0.9.1.7 allows a remote attacker with administrator privileges to delete arbitrary files on the server via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20715||Improper access control vulnerability in Hot Pepper Gourmet App for Android ver.4.111.0 and earlier, and for iOS ver.4.111.0 and earlier allows a remote attacker to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App.
CVE-2021-20716||Hidden functionality in multiple Buffalo network devices (BHR-4RV firmware Ver.2.55 and prior, FS-G54 firmware Ver.2.04 and prior, WBR2-B11 firmware Ver.2.32 and prior, WBR2-G54 firmware Ver.2.32 and prior, WBR2-G54-KD firmware Ver.2.32 and prior, WBR-B11 firmware Ver.2.23 and prior, WBR-G54 firmware Ver.2.23 and prior, WBR-G54L firmware Ver.2.20 and prior, WHR2-A54G54 firmware Ver.2.25 and prior, WHR2-G54 firmware Ver.2.23 and prior, WHR2-G54V firmware Ver.2.55 and prior, WHR3-AG54 firmware Ver.2.23 and prior, WHR-G54 firmware Ver.2.16 and prior, WHR-G54-NF firmware Ver.2.10 and prior, WLA2-G54 firmware Ver.2.24 and prior, WLA2-G54C firmware Ver.2.24 and prior, WLA-B11 firmware Ver.2.20 and prior, WLA-G54 firmware Ver.2.20 and prior, WLA-G54C firmware Ver.2.20 and prior, WLAH-A54G54 firmware Ver.2.54 and prior, WLAH-AM54G54 firmware Ver.2.54 and prior, WLAH-G54 firmware Ver.2.54 and prior, WLI2-TX1-AG54 firmware Ver.2.53 and prior, WLI2-TX1-AMG54 firmware Ver.2.53 and prior, WLI2-TX1-G54 firmware Ver.2.20 and prior, WLI3-TX1-AMG54 firmware Ver.2.53 and prior, WLI3-TX1-G54 firmware Ver.2.53 and prior, WLI-T1-B11 firmware Ver.2.20 and prior, WLI-TX1-G54 firmware Ver.2.20 and prior, WVR-G54-NF firmware Ver.2.02 and prior, WZR-G108 firmware Ver.2.41 and prior, WZR-G54 firmware Ver.2.41 and prior, WZR-HP-G54 firmware Ver.2.41 and prior, WZR-RS-G54 firmware Ver.2.55 and prior, and WZR-RS-G54HP firmware Ver.2.55 and prior) allows a remote attacker to enable the debug option and to execute arbitrary code or OS commands, change the configuration, and cause a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2021-20717||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in EC-CUBE 4.0.0 to 4.0.5 allows a remote attacker to inject a specially crafted script in the specific input field of the EC web site which is created using EC-CUBE. As a result, it may lead to an arbitrary script execution on the administrator's web browser.
CVE-2021-20718||mod_auth_openidc 2.4.0 to 2.4.7 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20719||RFNTPS firmware versions System_01000004 and earlier, and Web_01000004 and earlier allow an attacker on the same network segment to execute arbitrary OS commands with a root privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2072||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Stored Procedure). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20720||SQL injection vulnerability in the KonaWiki2 versions prior to 2.2.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and to obtain/alter the information stored in the database via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20721||KonaWiki2 versions prior to 2.2.4 allows a remote attacker to upload arbitrary files via unspecified vectors. If the file contains PHP scripts, arbitrary code may be executed.
CVE-2021-20722||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installers of ScanSnap Manager prior to versions V7.0L20 and the Software Download Installer prior to WinSSInst2JP.exe and WinSSInst2iX1500JP.exe allows an attacker to gain privileges and execute arbitrary code with the privilege of the user invoking the installer via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2021-20723||Reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability in [MailForm01] free edition (versions which the last updated date listed at the top of descriptions in the program file is from 2014 December 12 to 2018 July 27) allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20724||Reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability in the admin page of [Telop01] free edition ver1.0.1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20725||Reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability in the admin page of [Calendar01] free edition ver1.0.1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20726||Untrusted search path vulnerability in The Installer of Overwolf 2.168.0.n and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges and execute arbitrary code with the privilege of the user invoking the installer via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2021-20727||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Zettlr from 0.20.0 to 1.8.8 allows an attacker to execute an arbitrary script by loading a file or code snippet containing an invalid iframe into Zettlr.
CVE-2021-20728||Improper access control vulnerability in goo blog App for Android ver.1.2.25 and earlier and for iOS ver.1.3.3 and earlier allows a remote attacker to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App.
CVE-2021-20729||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in pfSense CE and pfSense Plus (pfSense CE software versions 2.5.2 and earlier, and pfSense Plus software versions 21.05 and earlier) allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via a malicious URL.
CVE-2021-2073||Vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox product of Oracle Virtualization (component: Core). The supported version that is affected is Prior to 6.1.18. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with logon to the infrastructure where Oracle VM VirtualBox executes to compromise Oracle VM VirtualBox. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of Oracle VM VirtualBox. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.4 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20730||Improper access control vulnerability in WSR-1166DHP3 firmware Ver.1.16 and prior and WSR-1166DHP4 firmware Ver.1.02 and prior allows an attacker to obtain configuration information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20731||WSR-1166DHP3 firmware Ver.1.16 and prior and WSR-1166DHP4 firmware Ver.1.02 and prior allow an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands with root privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20732||The ATOM (ATOM - Smart life App for Android versions prior to 1.8.1 and ATOM - Smart life App for iOS versions prior to 1.8.2) does not verify server certificate properly, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to eavesdrop on encrypted communication via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2021-20733||Improper authorization in handler for custom URL scheme vulnerability in ????????? (asken diet) for Android versions from v.3.0.0 to v.4.2.x allows a remote attacker to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App.
CVE-2021-20734||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Welcart e-Commerce versions prior to 2.2.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20735||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ETUNA EC-CUBE plugins (Delivery slip number plugin (3.0 series) 1.0.10 and earlier, Delivery slip number csv bulk registration plugin (3.0 series) 1.0.8 and earlier, and Delivery slip number mail plugin (3.0 series) 1.0.8 and earlier) allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script by executing a specific operation on the management page of EC-CUBE.
CVE-2021-20736||NoSQL injection vulnerability in GROWI versions prior to v4.2.20 allows a remote attacker to obtain and/or alter the information stored in the database via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20737||Improper authentication vulnerability in GROWI versions prior to v4.2.20 allows a remote attacker to view the unauthorized pages without access privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20738||WRC-1167FS-W, WRC-1167FS-B, and WRC-1167FSA all versions allow an unauthenticated network-adjacent attacker to obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20739||WRC-300FEBK, WRC-F300NF, WRC-733FEBK, WRH-300RD, WRH-300BK, WRH-300SV, WRH-300WH, WRH-H300WH, WRH-H300BK, WRH-300BK-S, and WRH-300WH-S all versions allows an unauthenticated network-adjacent attacker to execute an arbitrary OS command via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2074||Vulnerability in the Oracle VM VirtualBox product of Oracle Virtualization (component: Core). The supported version that is affected is Prior to 6.1.18. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with logon to the infrastructure where Oracle VM VirtualBox executes to compromise Oracle VM VirtualBox. While the vulnerability is in Oracle VM VirtualBox, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Oracle VM VirtualBox. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20740||Hitachi Virtual File Platform Versions prior to 5.5.3-09 and Versions prior to 6.4.3-09, and NEC Storage M Series NAS Gateway Nh4a/Nh8a versions prior to FOS 5.5.3-08(NEC2.5.4a) and Nh4b/Nh8b, Nh4c/Nh8c versions prior to FOS 6.4.3-08(NEC3.4.2) allow remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands with root privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20741||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Hitachi Application Server Help (Hitachi Application Server V10 Manual (Windows) version 10-11-01 and earlier and Hitachi Application Server V10 Manual (UNIX) version 10-11-01 and earlier) allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20742||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in EC-CUBE Business form output plugin (for EC-CUBE 3.0 series) versions prior to version 1.0.1 allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vector.
CVE-2021-20743||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in EC-CUBE Email newsletters management plugin (for EC-CUBE 3.0 series) versions prior to version 1.0.4 allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script by leading a user to a specially crafted page and to perform a specific operation.
CVE-2021-20744||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in EC-CUBE Category contents plugin (for EC-CUBE 3.0 series) versions prior to version 1.0.1 allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script by leading an administrator or a user to a specially crafted page and to perform a specific operation.
CVE-2021-20745||Inkdrop versions prior to v5.3.1 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands on the system where it runs by loading a file or code snippet containing an invalid iframe into Inkdrop.
CVE-2021-20746||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WordPress Popular Posts 5.3.2 and earlier allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20747||Improper authorization in handler for custom URL scheme vulnerability in Retty App for Android versions prior to 4.8.13 and Retty App for iOS versions prior to 4.11.14 allows a remote attacker to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App.
CVE-2021-20748||Retty App for Android versions prior to 4.8.13 and Retty App for iOS versions prior to 4.11.14 uses a hard-coded API key for an external service. By exploiting this vulnerability, API key for an external service may be obtained by analyzing data in the app.
CVE-2021-20749||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Fudousan plugin ver5.7.0 and earlier, Fudousan Plugin Pro Single-User Type ver5.7.0 and earlier, and Fudousan Plugin Pro Multi-User Type ver5.7.0 and earlier allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2075||Vulnerability in the Oracle WebLogic Server product of Oracle Fusion Middleware (component: Samples). Supported versions that are affected are 10.3.6.0.0, 12.1.3.0.0, 12.2.1.3.0, 12.2.1.4.0 and 14.1.1.0.0. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via IIOP, T3 to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in takeover of Oracle WebLogic Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 9.8 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H).
CVE-2021-20750||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in EC-CUBE EC-CUBE 3.0.0 to 3.0.18-p2 (EC-CUBE 3 series) and EC-CUBE 4.0.0 to 4.0.5-p1 (EC-CUBE 4 series) allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script by leading an administrator or a user to a specially crafted page and to perform a specific operation.
CVE-2021-20751||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in EC-CUBE EC-CUBE 4.0.0 to 4.0.5-p1 (EC-CUBE 4 series) allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script by leading an administrator or a user to a specially crafted page and to perform a specific operation.
CVE-2021-20752||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in IkaIka RSS Reader all versions allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20753||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Scheduler of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20754||Improper input validation vulnerability in Workflow of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to alter the data of Workflow without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20755||Viewing restrictions bypass vulnerability in Portal of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to obtain the data of Portal without the viewing privilege.
CVE-2021-20756||Viewing restrictions bypass vulnerability in Address of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to obtain the data of Address without the viewing privilege.
CVE-2021-20757||Operational restrictions bypass vulnerability in E-mail of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to alter the data of Portal without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20758||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Message of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to hijack the authentication of administrators and perform an arbitrary operation via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20759||Operational restrictions bypass vulnerability in Bulletin of Cybozu Garoon 4.6.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to alter the data of Portal without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-2076||Vulnerability in the MySQL Server product of Oracle MySQL (component: Server: Optimizer). Supported versions that are affected are 8.0.22 and prior. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows high privileged attacker with network access via multiple protocols to compromise MySQL Server. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized ability to cause a hang or frequently repeatable crash (complete DOS) of MySQL Server. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 4.9 (Availability impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H).
CVE-2021-20760||Improper input validation vulnerability in User Profile of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to alter the data of User Profile without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20761||Improper input validation vulnerability in E-mail of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote attacker with an administrative privilege to alter the data of E-mail without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20762||Improper input validation vulnerability in E-mail of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated to alter the data of E-mail without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20763||Operational restrictions bypass vulnerability in Portal of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to obtain the data of Portal without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20764||Improper input validation vulnerability in Attaching Files of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote attacker to alter the data of Attaching Files.
CVE-2021-20765||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Bulletin of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20766||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Message of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20767||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Full Text Search of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20768||Operational restrictions bypass vulnerability in Scheduler and MultiReport of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to delete the data of Scheduler and MultiReport without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20769||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Bulletin of Cybozu Garoon 4.6.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2077||Vulnerability in the Oracle iStore product of Oracle E-Business Suite (component: Shopping Cart). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1.1-12.1.3 and 12.2.3-12.2.10. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle iStore. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle iStore, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle iStore accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle iStore accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20770||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Message of Cybozu Garoon 4.6.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20771||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in some functions of E-Mail of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.5.0 allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20772||Information disclosure vulnerability in Bulletin of Cybozu Garoon 4.10.0 to 5.5.0 allows a remote authenticated attacker to obtain the title of Bulletin without the viewing privilege.
CVE-2021-20773||There is a vulnerability in Workflow of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.5.0, which may allow a remote authenticated attacker to delete the route information Workflow without the appropriate privilege.
CVE-2021-20774||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in some functions of E-mail of Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.5.0 allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20775||Improper input validation vulnerability in Bulletin of Cybozu Garoon 4.10.0 to 5.5.0 allows a remote authenticated attacker to obtain the data of Comment and Space without the viewing privilege.
CVE-2021-20776||Improper authentication vulnerability in SCT-40CM01SR and AT-40CM01SR allows an attacker to bypass access restriction and execute an arbitrary command via telnet.
CVE-2021-20777||Improper authorization in handler for custom URL scheme vulnerability in GU App for Android versions from 4.8.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote attacker to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App.
CVE-2021-20778||Improper access control vulnerability in EC-CUBE 4.0.6 (EC-CUBE 4 series) allows a remote attacker to bypass access restriction and obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20779||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in WordPress Email Template Designer - WP HTML Mail versions prior to 3.0.8 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-2078||Vulnerability in the Oracle Configurator product of Oracle Supply Chain (component: UI Servlet). Supported versions that are affected are 12.1 and 12.2. Easily exploitable vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to compromise Oracle Configurator. Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than the attacker and while the vulnerability is in Oracle Configurator, attacks may significantly impact additional products. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in unauthorized access to critical data or complete access to all Oracle Configurator accessible data as well as unauthorized update, insert or delete access to some of Oracle Configurator accessible data. CVSS 3.1 Base Score 8.2 (Confidentiality and Integrity impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:H/I:L/A:N).
CVE-2021-20780||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in WPCS - WordPress Currency Switcher 1.1.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20781||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in WordPress Meta Data Filter & Taxonomies Filter versions prior to v.1.2.8 and versions prior to v.2.2.8 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20782||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Software License Manager versions prior to 4.4.6 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20783||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Optical BB unit E-WMTA2.3 allows a remote attacker to hijack the authentication of administrators via a specially crafted page.
CVE-2021-20784||HTTP header injection vulnerability in Everything all versions except the Lite version may allow a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script or alter the website that uses the product via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2021-20785||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GroupSession (GroupSession Free edition from ver2.2.0 to the version prior to ver5.1.0, GroupSession byCloud from ver3.0.3 to the version prior to ver5.1.0, and GroupSession ZION from ver3.0.3 to the version prior to ver5.1.0) allows a remote attacker to inject an arbitrary script by sending a specially crafted request to a specific URL.