CVE-2020-3343||A vulnerability in Cisco AMP for Endpoints Linux Connector Software and Cisco AMP for Endpoints Mac Connector Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a buffer overflow on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the Cisco AMP for Endpoints service to crash and restart.
CVE-2020-3344||A vulnerability in Cisco AMP for Endpoints Linux Connector Software and Cisco AMP for Endpoints Mac Connector Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a buffer overflow on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the Cisco AMP for Endpoints service to crash and restart.
CVE-2020-3345||A vulnerability in certain web pages of Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to modify a web page in the context of a browser. The vulnerability is due to improper checks on parameter values within affected pages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to follow a crafted link that is designed to pass HTML code into an affected parameter. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to alter the contents of a web page to redirect the user to potentially malicious web sites, or the attacker could leverage this vulnerability to conduct further client-side attacks.
CVE-2020-3346||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM SME) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web UI does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3347||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain access to sensitive information on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to unsafe usage of shared memory that is used by the affected software. An attacker with permissions to view system memory could exploit this vulnerability by running an application on the local system that is designed to read shared memory. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to retrieve sensitive information from the shared memory, including usernames, meeting information, or authentication tokens that could aid the attacker in future attacks.
CVE-2020-3348||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3349||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface on an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a customized link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3350||A vulnerability in the endpoint software of Cisco AMP for Endpoints and Clam AntiVirus could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause the running software to delete arbitrary files on the system. The vulnerability is due to a race condition that could occur when scanning malicious files. An attacker with local shell access could exploit this vulnerability by executing a script that could trigger the race condition. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to delete arbitrary files on the system that the attacker would not normally have privileges to delete, producing system instability or causing the endpoint software to stop working.
CVE-2020-3351||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN Solution Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of fields in Cisco SD-WAN peering messages that are encapsulated in UDP packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted UDP messages to the targeted system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause services on the device to fail, resulting in a DoS condition that could impact the targeted device and other devices that depend on it.
CVE-2020-3352||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access hidden commands. The vulnerability is due to the presence of undocumented configuration commands. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by performing specific steps that make the hidden commands accessible. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to make configuration changes to various sections of an affected device that should not be exposed to CLI access.
CVE-2020-3353||A vulnerability in the syslog processing engine of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a race condition that may occur when syslog messages are processed. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high rate of syslog messages to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the Application Server process to crash, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3354||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative credentials to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting malicious data into a specific data field in the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need administrative credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3355||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative credentials to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting malicious data into a specific data field in the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need administrative credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3356||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by interacting with the interface in a way that injects malicious content in a log file. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3357||A vulnerability in the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) VPN feature of Cisco Small Business RV340, RV340W, RV345, and RV345P Dual WAN Gigabit VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device or cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability exists because HTTP requests are not properly validated. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request over an SSL connection to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the device or cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3358||A vulnerability in the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) VPN feature for Cisco Small Business RV VPN Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to unexpectedly restart, causing a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to a lack of proper input validation of HTTP requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request over an SSL connection to the targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3359||A vulnerability in the multicast DNS (mDNS) feature of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of mDNS packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted mDNS packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could cause a device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3360||A vulnerability in the Web Access feature of Cisco IP Phones Series 7800 and Series 8800 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to view sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper access controls on the web-based management interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests to the device, which could allow the attacker to bypass access restrictions. A successful attack could allow the attacker to view sensitive information, including device call logs that contain names, usernames, and phone numbers of users of the device.
CVE-2020-3361||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain unauthorized access to a vulnerable Webex site. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of authentication tokens by a vulnerable Webex site. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted requests to a vulnerable Cisco Webex Meetings or Cisco Webex Meetings Server site. If successful, the attacker could gain the privileges of another user within the affected Webex site.
CVE-2020-3362||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco Network Services Orchestrator (NSO) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access confidential information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a timing issue in the processing of CLI commands. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by executing a specific sequence of commands on the CLI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read configuration information that would normally be accessible to administrators only.
CVE-2020-3363||A vulnerability in the IPv6 packet processing engine of Cisco Small Business Smart and Managed Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of incoming IPv6 traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPv6 packet through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause an unexpected reboot of the switch, leading to a DoS condition. This vulnerability is specific to IPv6 traffic. IPv4 traffic is not affected.
CVE-2020-3364||A vulnerability in the access control list (ACL) functionality of the standby route processor management interface of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to reach the configured IP addresses on the standby route processor management Gigabit Ethernet Management interface. The vulnerability is due to a logic error that was introduced in the Cisco IOS XR Software, which prevents the ACL from working when applied against the standby route processor management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by attempting to access the device through the standby route processor management interface.
CVE-2020-3365||A vulnerability in the directory permissions of Cisco Enterprise NFV Infrastructure Software (NFVIS) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform a directory traversal attack on a limited set of restricted directories. The vulnerability is due to a flaw in the logic that governs directory permissions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using capabilities that are not controlled by the role-based access control (RBAC) mechanisms of the software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite files on an affected device.
CVE-2020-3367||A vulnerability in the log subscription subsystem of Cisco AsyncOS for the Cisco Secure Web Appliance (formerly Web Security Appliance) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform command injection and elevate privileges to root. This vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input for the web interface and CLI. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the affected device and injecting scripting commands in the scope of the log subscription subsystem. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system and elevate privileges to root.
CVE-2020-3368||A vulnerability in the antispam protection mechanisms of Cisco AsyncOS Software for Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass the URL reputation filters on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of URLs. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by crafting the URL in a particular way. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass the URL reputation filters that are configured for the affected device, which could allow malicious URLs to pass through the device.
CVE-2020-3369||A vulnerability in the deep packet inspection (DPI) engine of Cisco SD-WAN vEdge Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper processing of FTP traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted FTP packets through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to make the device reboot continuously, causing a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3370||A vulnerability in URL filtering of Cisco Content Security Management Appliance (SMA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass URL filtering on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted, malicious HTTP request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to redirect users to malicious sites.
CVE-2020-3371||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco Integrated Management Controller (IMC) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary code and execute arbitrary commands at the underlying operating system level. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted commands to the web-based management interface of the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to inject and execute arbitrary commands at the underlying operating system level.
CVE-2020-3372||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to consume excessive system memory and cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to inefficient memory management. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a large number of crafted HTTP requests to the affected web-based management interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust system memory, which could cause the system to stop processing new connections and could result in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3373||A vulnerability in the IP fragment-handling implementation of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a memory leak on an affected device. This memory leak could prevent traffic from being processed through the device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to improper error handling when specific failures occur during IP fragment reassembly. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted, fragmented IP traffic to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to continuously consume memory on the affected device and eventually impact traffic, resulting in a DoS condition. The device could require a manual reboot to recover from the DoS condition. Note: This vulnerability applies to both IP Version 4 (IPv4) and IP Version 6 (IPv6) traffic.
CVE-2020-3374||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization, enabling them to access sensitive information, modify the system configuration, or impact the availability of the affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization checking on the affected system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain privileges beyond what would normally be authorized for their configured user authorization level. The attacker may be able to access sensitive information, modify the system configuration, or impact the availability of the affected system.
CVE-2020-3375||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN Solution Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a buffer overflow on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain access to information that they are not authorized to access, make changes to the system that they are not authorized to make, and execute commands on an affected system with privileges of the root user.
CVE-2020-3376||A vulnerability in the Device Manager application of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass authentication and execute arbitrary actions on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a failure in the software to perform proper authentication. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by browsing to one of the hosted URLs in Cisco DCNM. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to interact with and use certain functions within the Cisco DCNM.
CVE-2020-3377||A vulnerability in the Device Manager application of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands on the affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted arguments to a specific field within the application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to run commands as the administrator on the DCNM.
CVE-2020-3378||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface for Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to impact the integrity of an affected system by executing arbitrary SQL queries. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted input that includes SQL statements to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify entries in some database tables, affecting the integrity of the data.
CVE-2020-3379||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN Solution Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to Administrator on the underlying operating system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain administrative privileges.
CVE-2020-3380||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to root and execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient restrictions during the execution of an affected CLI command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating as the fmserver user and submitting malicious input to a specific command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges to root and execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system.
CVE-2020-3381||A vulnerability in the web management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks and obtain read and write access to sensitive files on a targeted system. The vulnerability is due to a lack of proper validation of files that are uploaded to an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by uploading a crafted file to an affected system. An exploit could allow the attacker to view or modify arbitrary files on the targeted system.
CVE-2020-3382||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass authentication and execute arbitrary actions with administrative privileges on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because different installations share a static encryption key. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using the static key to craft a valid session token. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions through the REST API with administrative privileges.
CVE-2020-3383||A vulnerability in the archive utility of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a lack of proper input validation of paths that are embedded within archive files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to write arbitrary files in the system with the privileges of the logged-in user.
CVE-2020-3384||A vulnerability in specific REST API endpoints of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system with the privileges of the logged-in user. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input to the API. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to inject arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system.
CVE-2020-3385||A vulnerability in the deep packet inspection (DPI) engine of Cisco SD-WAN vEdge Routers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient handling of malformed packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted packets through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reboot, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3386||A vulnerability in the REST API endpoint of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with a low-privileged account to bypass authorization on the API of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization of certain API functions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the API using low-privileged credentials. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform arbitrary actions through the REST API with administrative privileges.
CVE-2020-3387||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute code with root privileges on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input sanitization during user authentication processing. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted response to the Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access the software and execute commands they should not be authorized to execute.
CVE-2020-3388||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the device and submitting crafted input to the CLI. The attacker must be authenticated to access the CLI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands with root privileges.
CVE-2020-3389||A vulnerability in the installation component of Cisco Hyperflex HX-Series Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to retrieve the password that was configured at installation on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because sensitive information is stored as clear text. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to an affected device and navigating to the directory that contains sensitive information. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain sensitive information in clear text from the affected device.
CVE-2020-3390||A vulnerability in Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) trap generation for wireless clients of the Cisco IOS XE Wireless Controller Software for the Cisco Catalyst 9000 Family could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause the device to unexpectedly reload, causing a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to the lack of input validation of the information used to generate an SNMP trap in relation to a wireless client connection. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending an 802.1x packet with crafted parameters during the wireless authentication setup phase of a connection. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, causing a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3391||A vulnerability in Cisco Digital Network Architecture (DNA) Center could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to view sensitive information in clear text. The vulnerability is due to insecure storage of certain unencrypted credentials on an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by viewing the network device configuration and obtaining credentials that they may not normally have access to. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to use those credentials to discover and manage network devices.
CVE-2020-3392||A vulnerability in the API of Cisco IoT Field Network Director (FND) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to view sensitive information on an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the affected software does not properly authenticate API calls. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending API requests to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view sensitive information on the affected system, including information about the devices that the system manages, without authentication.
CVE-2020-3393||A vulnerability in the application-hosting subsystem of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to root on an affected device. The attacker could execute IOS XE commands outside the application-hosting subsystem Docker container as well as on the underlying Linux operating system. These commands could be run as the root user. The vulnerability is due to a combination of two factors: (a) incomplete input validation of the user payload of CLI commands, and (b) improper role-based access control (RBAC) when commands are issued at the command line within the application-hosting subsystem. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using a CLI command with crafted user input. A successful exploit could allow the lower-privileged attacker to execute arbitrary CLI commands with root privileges. The attacker would need valid user credentials to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3394||A vulnerability in the Enable Secret feature of Cisco Nexus 3000 Series Switches and Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Switches in standalone NX-OS mode could allow an authenticated, local attacker to issue the enable command and get full administrative privileges. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials for the affected device. The vulnerability is due to a logic error in the implementation of the enable command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in to the device and issuing the enable command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain full administrative privileges without using the enable password. Note: The Enable Secret feature is disabled by default.
CVE-2020-3396||A vulnerability in the file system on the pluggable USB 3.0 Solid State Drive (SSD) for Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, physical attacker to remove the USB 3.0 SSD and modify sensitive areas of the file system, including the namespace container protections. The vulnerability occurs because the USB 3.0 SSD control data is not stored on the internal boot flash. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by removing the USB 3.0 SSD, modifying or deleting files on the USB 3.0 SSD by using another device, and then reinserting the USB 3.0 SSD on the original device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to remove container protections and perform file actions outside the namespace of the container with root privileges.
CVE-2020-3397||A vulnerability in the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) Multicast VPN (MVPN) implementation of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to unexpectedly reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to incomplete input validation of a specific type of BGP MVPN update message. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending this specific, valid BGP MVPN update message to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause one of the BGP-related routing applications to restart multiple times, leading to a system-level restart. Note: The Cisco implementation of BGP accepts incoming BGP traffic from only explicitly configured peers. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must send a specific BGP MVPN update message over an established TCP connection that appears to come from a trusted BGP peer. To do so, the attacker must obtain information about the BGP peers in the trusted network of the affected system.
CVE-2020-3398||A vulnerability in the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) Multicast VPN (MVPN) implementation of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a BGP session to repeatedly reset, causing a partial denial of service (DoS) condition due to the BGP session being down. The vulnerability is due to incorrect parsing of a specific type of BGP MVPN update message. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending this BGP MVPN update message to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the BGP peer connections to reset, which could lead to BGP route instability and impact traffic. The incoming BGP MVPN update message is valid but is parsed incorrectly by the NX-OS device, which could send a corrupted BGP update to the configured BGP peer. Note: The Cisco implementation of BGP accepts incoming BGP traffic from only explicitly configured peers. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must send a specific BGP MVPN update message over an established TCP connection that appears to come from a trusted BGP peer. To do so, the attacker must obtain information about the BGP peers in the trusted network of the affected system.
CVE-2020-3399||A vulnerability in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation during CAPWAP packet processing. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted CAPWAP packet to an affected device, resulting in a buffer over-read. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3400||A vulnerability in the web UI feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to utilize parts of the web UI for which they are not authorized.The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization of web UI access requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web UI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to utilize parts of the web UI for which they are not authorized. This could allow a Read-Only user to perform actions of an Admin user.
CVE-2020-3401||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct path traversal attacks and obtain read access to sensitive files on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of HTTP requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request that contains directory traversal character sequences to the affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view arbitrary files on the affected system.
CVE-2020-3402||A vulnerability in the Java Remote Method Invocation (RMI) interface of Cisco Unified Customer Voice Portal (CVP) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because certain RMI listeners are not properly authenticated. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the affected listener. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device.
CVE-2020-3403||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject a command to the underlying operating system that will execute with root privileges upon the next reboot of the device. The authenticated user must have privileged EXEC permissions on the device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient protection of values passed to a script that executes during device startup. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by writing values to a specific file. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands with root privileges each time the affected device is restarted.
CVE-2020-3404||A vulnerability in the persistent Telnet/Secure Shell (SSH) CLI of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain shell access on an affected device and execute commands on the underlying operating system (OS) with root privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient enforcement of the consent token in authorizing shell access. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the persistent Telnet/SSH CLI on an affected device and requesting shell access. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain shell access on the affected device and execute commands on the underlying OS with root privileges.
CVE-2020-3405||A vulnerability in the web UI of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain read and write access to information that is stored on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of XML External Entity (XXE) entries when parsing certain XML files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to import a crafted XML file with malicious entries. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read and write files within the affected application.
CVE-2020-3406||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3407||A vulnerability in the RESTCONF and NETCONF-YANG access control list (ACL) function of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to reload. The vulnerability is due to incorrect processing of the ACL that is tied to the RESTCONF or NETCONF-YANG feature. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing the device using RESTCONF or NETCONF-YANG. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2020-3408||A vulnerability in the Split DNS feature of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability occurs because the regular expression (regex) engine that is used with the Split DNS feature of affected releases may time out when it processes the DNS name list configuration. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by trying to resolve an address or hostname that the affected device handles. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3409||A vulnerability in the PROFINET feature of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause an affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on the device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient processing logic for crafted PROFINET packets that are sent to an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted PROFINET packets to an affected device for processing. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the device.
CVE-2020-3410||A vulnerability in the Common Access Card (CAC) authentication feature of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass authentication and access the FMC system. The attacker must have a valid CAC to initiate the access attempt. The vulnerability is due to incorrect session invalidation during CAC authentication. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by performing a CAC-based authentication attempt to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access an affected system with the privileges of a CAC-authenticated user who is currently logged in.
CVE-2020-3411||A vulnerability in Cisco DNA Center software could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker access to sensitive information on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of authentication tokens by the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker access to sensitive device information, which includes configuration files.
CVE-2020-3412||A vulnerability in the scheduled meeting template feature of Cisco Webex Meetings could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to create a scheduled meeting template that would belong to another user in their organization. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization enforcement for the creation of scheduled meeting templates. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the Webex Meetings interface to create a scheduled meeting template. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to create a scheduled meeting template that would belong to a user other than themselves.
CVE-2020-3413||A vulnerability in the scheduled meeting template feature of Cisco Webex Meetings could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to delete a scheduled meeting template that belongs to another user in their organization. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization enforcement for requests to delete scheduled meeting templates. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the Webex Meetings interface to delete a scheduled meeting template. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to delete a scheduled meeting template that belongs to a user other than themselves.
CVE-2020-3414||A vulnerability in the packet processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco 4461 Integrated Services Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to incorrect processing of IPv4 or IPv6 traffic to or through an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending IP traffic to or through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3415||A vulnerability in the Data Management Engine (DME) of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to execute arbitrary code with administrative privileges or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted Cisco Discovery Protocol packet to a Layer 2-adjacent affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with administrative privileges or cause the Cisco Discovery Protocol process to crash and restart multiple times, causing the affected device to reload and resulting in a DoS condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent). Exploitation of this vulnerability also requires jumbo frames to be enabled on the interface that receives the crafted Cisco Discovery Protocol packets on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3416||Multiple vulnerabilities in the initialization routines that are executed during bootup of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco ASR 900 Series Aggregation Services Routers with a Route Switch Processor 3 (RSP3) installed could allow an authenticated, local attacker with high privileges to execute persistent code at bootup and break the chain of trust. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect validations by boot scripts when specific ROM monitor (ROMMON) variables are set. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by copying a specific file to the local file system of an affected device and defining specific ROMMON variables. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to run arbitrary code on the underlying operating system (OS) with root privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have access to the root shell on the device or have physical access to the device.
CVE-2020-3417||A vulnerability in Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute persistent code at boot time and break the chain of trust. This vulnerability is due to incorrect validations by boot scripts when specific ROM monitor (ROMMON) variables are set. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by installing code to a specific directory in the underlying operating system (OS) and setting a specific ROMMON variable. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute persistent code on the underlying OS. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need access to the root shell on the device or have physical access to the device.
CVE-2020-3418||A vulnerability in Cisco IOS XE Wireless Controller Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Routers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to send ICMPv6 traffic prior to the client being placed into RUN state. The vulnerability is due to an incomplete access control list (ACL) being applied prior to RUN state. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting to the associated service set identifier (SSID) and sending ICMPv6 traffic. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to send ICMPv6 traffic prior to RUN state.
CVE-2020-3419||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to join a Webex session without appearing on the participant list. This vulnerability is due to improper handling of authentication tokens by a vulnerable Webex site. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted requests to a vulnerable Cisco Webex Meetings or Cisco Webex Meetings Server site. A successful exploit requires the attacker to have access to join a Webex meeting, including applicable meeting join links and passwords. The attacker could then exploit this vulnerability to join meetings, without appearing in the participant list, while having full access to audio, video, chat, and screen sharing capabilities.
CVE-2020-3421||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Zone-Based Firewall feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to reload or stop forwarding traffic through the firewall. The vulnerabilities are due to incomplete handling of Layer 4 packets through the device. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a certain sequence of traffic patterns through the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload or stop forwarding traffic through the firewall, resulting in a denial of service. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2020-3422||A vulnerability in the IP Service Level Agreement (SLA) responder feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the IP SLA responder to reuse an existing port, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability exists because the IP SLA responder could consume a port that could be used by another feature. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending specific IP SLA control packets to the IP SLA responder on an affected device. The control packets must include the port number that could be used by another configured feature. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause an in-use port to be consumed by the IP SLA responder, impacting the feature that was using the port and resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3423||A vulnerability in the implementation of the Lua interpreter that is integrated in Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute arbitrary code with root privileges on the underlying Linux operating system (OS) of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient restrictions on Lua function calls within the context of user-supplied Lua scripts. An attacker with valid administrative credentials could exploit this vulnerability by submitting a malicious Lua script. When this file is processed, an exploitable buffer overflow condition could occur. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with root privileges on the underlying Linux OS of the affected device.
CVE-2020-3425||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web management framework of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with read-only privileges to elevate privileges to the level of an Administrator user on an affected device. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2020-3426||A vulnerability in the implementation of the Low Power, Wide Area (LPWA) subsystem of Cisco IOS Software for Cisco 800 Series Industrial Integrated Services Routers (Industrial ISRs) and Cisco 1000 Series Connected Grid Routers (CGR1000) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain unauthorized read access to sensitive data or cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to a lack of input and validation checking mechanisms for virtual-LPWA (VLPWA) protocol modem messages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by supplying crafted packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain unauthorized read access to sensitive data or cause the VLPWA interface of the affected device to shut down, resulting in DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3427||The Windows Logon installer prior to 4.1.2 did not properly validate file installation paths. This allows an attacker with local user privileges to coerce the installer to write to arbitrary privileged directories. If successful, an attacker can manipulate files used by Windows Logon, cause Denial of Service (DoS) by deleting file(s), or replace system files to potentially achieve elevation of privileges. Note that this can only exploitable during new installations while the installer is running and is not exploitable once installation is finished. Versions 4.1.2 of Windows Logon addresses this issue.
CVE-2020-3428||A vulnerability in the WLAN Local Profiling feature of Cisco IOS XE Wireless Controller Software for the Cisco Catalyst 9000 Family could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect parsing of HTTP packets while performing HTTP-based endpoint device classifications. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could cause an affected device to reboot, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3429||A vulnerability in the WPA2 and WPA3 security implementation of Cisco IOS XE Wireless Controller Software for the Cisco Catalyst 9000 Family could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect packet processing during the WPA2 and WPA3 authentication handshake when configured for dot1x or pre-shared key (PSK) authentication key management (AKM) with 802.11r BSS Fast Transition (FT) enabled. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted authentication packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3430||A vulnerability in the application protocol handling features of Cisco Jabber for Windows could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of input to the application protocol handlers. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by convincing a user to click a link within a message sent by email or other messaging platform. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on a targeted system with the privileges of the user account that is running the Cisco Jabber client software.
CVE-2020-3433||A vulnerability in the interprocess communication (IPC) channel of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to perform a DLL hijacking attack. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the Windows system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of resources that are loaded by the application at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPC message to the AnyConnect process. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected machine with SYSTEM privileges. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the Windows system.
CVE-2020-3434||A vulnerability in the interprocess communication (IPC) channel of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the Windows system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPC message to the AnyConnect process on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to stop the AnyConnect process, causing a DoS condition on the device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the Windows system.
CVE-2020-3435||A vulnerability in the interprocess communication (IPC) channel of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite VPN profiles on an affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the Windows system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPC message to the AnyConnect process on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify VPN profile files. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials on the Windows system.
CVE-2020-3436||A vulnerability in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to upload arbitrary-sized files to specific folders on an affected device, which could lead to an unexpected device reload. The vulnerability exists because the affected software does not efficiently handle the writing of large files to specific folders on the local file system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by uploading files to those specific folders. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to write a file that triggers a watchdog timeout, which would cause the device to unexpectedly reload, causing a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2020-3437||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to read arbitrary files on the underlying filesystem of the device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient file scope limiting. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by creating a specific file reference on the filesystem and then accessing it through the web-based management interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read arbitrary files from the filesystem of the underlying operating system.
CVE-2020-3439||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting malicious data into a specific data field in the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3440||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App for Windows could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to overwrite arbitrary files on an end-user system. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of URL parameters that are sent from a website to the affected application. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to follow a URL to a website that is designed to submit crafted input to the affected application. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite arbitrary files on the affected system, possibly corrupting or deleting critical system files.
CVE-2020-3441||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to view sensitive information from the meeting room lobby. This vulnerability is due to insufficient protection of sensitive participant information. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by browsing the Webex roster. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gather information about other Webex participants, such as email address and IP address, while waiting in the lobby.
CVE-2020-3442||The DuoConnect client enables users to establish SSH connections to hosts protected by a DNG instance. When a user initiates an SSH connection to a DNG-protected host for the first time using DuoConnect, the users browser is opened to a login screen in order to complete authentication determined by the contents of the '-relay' argument. If the -relay is set to a URL beginning with "http://", then the browser will initially attempt to load the URL over an insecure HTTP connection, before being immediately redirected to HTTPS (in addition to standard redirect mechanisms, the DNG uses HTTP Strict Transport Security headers to enforce this). After successfully authenticating to a DNG, DuoConnect stores an authentication token in a local system cache, so users do not have to complete this browser-based authentication workflow for every subsequent SSH connection. These tokens are valid for a configurable period of time, which defaults to 8 hours. If a user running DuoConnect already has a valid token, then instead of opening a web browser, DuoConnect directly contacts the DNG, again using the configured '-relay' value, and sends this token, as well as the intended SSH server hostname and port numbers. If the '-relay' argument begins with "http://", then this request will be sent over an insecure connection, and could be exposed to an attacker who is sniffing the traffic on the same network. The DNG authentication tokens that may be exposed during SSH relay may be used to gain network-level access to the servers and ports protected by that given relay host. The DNG provides network-level access only to the protected SSH servers. It does not interact with the independent SSH authentication and encryption. An attacker cannot use a stolen token on its own to authenticate against a DNG-protected SSH server.
CVE-2020-3443||A vulnerability in Cisco Smart Software Manager On-Prem (SSM On-Prem) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to elevate privileges and execute commands with higher privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization of the System Operator role capabilities. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by logging in with the System Operator role, performing a series of actions, and then assuming a new higher privileged role. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform all actions associated with the privilege of the assumed role. If that role is an administrative role, the attacker would gain full access to the device.
CVE-2020-3444||A vulnerability in the packet filtering features of Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass L3 and L4 traffic filters. The vulnerability is due to improper traffic filtering conditions on an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by crafting a malicious TCP packet with specific characteristics and sending it to a targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass the L3 and L4 traffic filters and inject an arbitrary packet into the network.
CVE-2020-3446||A vulnerability in Cisco Virtual Wide Area Application Services (vWAAS) with Cisco Enterprise NFV Infrastructure Software (NFVIS)-bundled images for Cisco ENCS 5400-W Series and CSP 5000-W Series appliances could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to log into the NFVIS CLI of an affected device by using accounts that have a default, static password. The vulnerability exists because the affected software has user accounts with default, static passwords. An attacker with access to the NFVIS CLI of an affected device could exploit this vulnerability by logging into the CLI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access the NFVIS CLI with administrator privileges.
CVE-2020-3447||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco AsyncOS for Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA) and Cisco AsyncOS for Cisco Content Security Management Appliance (SMA) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to excessive verbosity in certain log subscriptions. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing specific log files on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain sensitive log data, which may include user credentials. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have valid credentials at the operator level or higher on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3448||A vulnerability in an access control mechanism of Cisco Cyber Vision Center Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass authentication and access internal services that are running on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient enforcement of access control in the software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by directly accessing the internal services of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to impact monitoring of sensors that are managed by the software.
CVE-2020-3449||A vulnerability in the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) additional paths feature of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to prevent authorized users from monitoring the BGP status and cause the BGP process to stop processing new updates, resulting in a denial of service (DOS) condition. The vulnerability is due to an incorrect calculation of lexicographical order when displaying additional path information within Cisco IOS XR Software, which causes an infinite loop. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a specific BGP update from a BGP neighbor peer session of an affected device; an authorized user must then issue a show bgp command for the vulnerability to be exploited. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to prevent authorized users from properly monitoring the BGP status and prevent BGP from processing new updates, resulting in outdated information in the routing and forwarding tables.
CVE-2020-3450||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Vision Dynamic Signage Director could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative credentials to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of user-submitted parameters. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the web-based management interface and sending malicious requests to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain data that is stored in the underlying database, including hashed user credentials. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need valid administrative credentials.
CVE-2020-3451||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV340 Series Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative credentials to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system (OS) as a restricted user. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2020-3452||A vulnerability in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks and read sensitive files on a targeted system. The vulnerability is due to a lack of proper input validation of URLs in HTTP requests processed by an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request containing directory traversal character sequences to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view arbitrary files within the web services file system on the targeted device. The web services file system is enabled when the affected device is configured with either WebVPN or AnyConnect features. This vulnerability cannot be used to obtain access to ASA or FTD system files or underlying operating system (OS) files.
CVE-2020-3453||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Small Business RV340 Series Routers could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative credentials to execute arbitrary commands on the underlying operating system (OS) as a restricted user. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2020-3454||A vulnerability in the Call Home feature of Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary commands that could be executed with root privileges on the underlying operating system (OS). The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of specific Call Home configuration parameters when the software is configured for transport method HTTP. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by modifying parameters within the Call Home configuration on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on the underlying OS.
CVE-2020-3455||A vulnerability in the secure boot process of Cisco FXOS Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to bypass the secure boot mechanisms. The vulnerability is due to insufficient protections of the secure boot process. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by injecting code into a specific file that is then referenced during the device boot process. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to break the chain of trust and inject code into the boot process of the device which would be executed at each boot and maintain persistence across reboots.
CVE-2020-3456||A vulnerability in the Cisco Firepower Chassis Manager (FCM) of Cisco FXOS Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attack against a user of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient CSRF protections for the FCM interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a targeted user to click a malicious link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to send arbitrary requests that could take unauthorized actions on behalf of the targeted user.
CVE-2020-3457||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco FXOS Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of commands supplied by the user. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to a device and submitting crafted input to the affected command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands on the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2020-3458||Multiple vulnerabilities in the secure boot process of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software for the Firepower 1000 Series and Firepower 2100 Series Appliances could allow an authenticated, local attacker to bypass the secure boot mechanism. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient protections of the secure boot process. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by injecting code into specific files that are then referenced during the device boot process. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to break the chain of trust and inject code into the boot process of the device, which would be executed at each boot and maintain persistence across reboots.
CVE-2020-3459||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco FXOS Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to inject arbitrary commands that are executed with root privileges. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of commands supplied by the user. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to a device and submitting crafted input to the affected command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands on the underlying operating system with root privileges.
CVE-2020-3460||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by intercepting a request from a user and injecting malicious data into an HTTP header. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3461||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to obtain confidential information from an affected device. The vulnerability is due to missing authentication on a specific part of the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read confidential information from an affected device.
CVE-2020-3462||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of user-submitted parameters. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the application and sending malicious requests to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain and modify sensitive information that is stored in the underlying database.
CVE-2020-3463||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Webex Meetings could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the web-based management interface of the affected service. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface of the affected service. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a malicious link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3464||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco UCS Director could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative credentials to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting malicious data into a specific data field in the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need administrative credentials on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3465||A vulnerability in Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a device to reload. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of certain valid, but not typical, Ethernet frames. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending the Ethernet frames onto the Ethernet segment. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2020-3466||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco DNA Center software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of an affected device. The vulnerabilities exist because the web-based management interface on an affected device does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-3467||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to modify parts of the configuration on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper enforcement of role-based access control (RBAC) within the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify parts of the configuration. The modified configuration could either allow unauthorized devices onto the network or prevent authorized devices from accessing the network. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need valid Read-Only Administrator credentials.
CVE-2020-3468||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks on an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface improperly validates values within SQL queries. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the application and sending malicious SQL queries to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify values on or return values from the underlying database or the operating system.
CVE-2020-3470||Multiple vulnerabilities in the API subsystem of Cisco Integrated Management Controller (IMC) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code with root privileges. The vulnerabilities are due to improper boundary checks for certain user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted HTTP request to the API subsystem of an affected system. When this request is processed, an exploitable buffer overflow condition may occur. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with root privileges on the underlying operating system (OS).
CVE-2020-3471||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex Meetings Server could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to maintain bidirectional audio despite being expelled from an active Webex session. The vulnerability is due to a synchronization issue between meeting and media services on a vulnerable Webex site. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted requests to a vulnerable Cisco Webex Meetings or Cisco Webex Meetings Server site. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to maintain the audio connection of a Webex session despite being expelled.
CVE-2020-3472||A vulnerability in the contacts feature of Cisco Webex Meetings could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with a legitimate user account to access sensitive information. The vulnerability is due to improper access restrictions on users who are added within user contacts. An attacker on one Webex Meetings site could exploit this vulnerability by sending specially crafted requests to the Webex Meetings site. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view the details of users on another Webex site, including user names and email addresses.
CVE-2020-3473||A vulnerability in task group assignment for a specific CLI command in Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an authenticated, local CLI shell user to elevate privileges and gain full administrative control of the device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect mapping of a command to task groups within the source code. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by first authenticating to the local CLI shell on the device and using the CLI command to bypass the task group&ndash;based checks. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to elevate privileges and perform actions on the device without authorization checks.
CVE-2020-3474||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web management framework of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with read-only privileges to gain unauthorized read access to sensitive data or cause the web management software to hang or crash, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2020-3475||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web management framework of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with read-only privileges to gain unauthorized read access to sensitive data or cause the web management software to hang or crash, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2020-3476||A vulnerability in the CLI implementation of a specific command of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to overwrite arbitrary files in the underlying host file system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of the parameters of a specific CLI command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by issuing that command with specific parameters. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite the content of any arbitrary file that resides on the underlying host file system.
CVE-2020-3477||A vulnerability in the CLI parser of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to access files from the flash: filesystem. The vulnerability is due to insufficient application of restrictions during the execution of a specific command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using a specific command at the command line. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain read-only access to files that are located on the flash: filesystem that otherwise might not have been accessible.
CVE-2020-3478||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco Enterprise NFV Infrastructure Software (NFVIS) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to overwrite certain files that should be restricted on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization enforcement on an affected system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by uploading a file using the REST API. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to overwrite and upload files, which could degrade the functionality of the affected system.
CVE-2020-3479||A vulnerability in the implementation of Multiprotocol Border Gateway Protocol (MP-BGP) for the Layer 2 VPN (L2VPN) Ethernet VPN (EVPN) address family in Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to incorrect processing of Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) update messages that contain crafted EVPN attributes. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending BGP update messages with specific, malformed attributes to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause an affected device to crash, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-3480||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Zone-Based Firewall feature of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the device to reload or stop forwarding traffic through the firewall. The vulnerabilities are due to incomplete handling of Layer 4 packets through the device. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a certain sequence of traffic patterns through the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload or stop forwarding traffic through the firewall, resulting in a denial of service. For more information about these vulnerabilities, see the Details section of this advisory.
CVE-2020-3481||A vulnerability in the EGG archive parsing module in Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV) Software versions 0.102.0 - 0.102.3 could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a null pointer dereference. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted EGG file to an affected device. An exploit could allow the attacker to cause the ClamAV scanning process crash, resulting in a denial of service condition.
CVE-2020-3482||A vulnerability in the Traversal Using Relays around NAT (TURN) server component of Cisco Expressway software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass security controls and send network traffic to restricted destinations. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of specific connection information by the TURN server within the affected software. An attacker could exploit this issue by sending specially crafted network traffic to the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to send traffic through the affected software to destinations beyond the application, possibly allowing the attacker to gain unauthorized network access.
CVE-2020-3483||Duo has identified and fixed an issue with the Duo Network Gateway (DNG) product in which some customer-provided SSL certificates and private keys were not excluded from logging. This issue resulted in certificate and private key information being written out in plain-text to local files on the DNG host. Any private keys logged in this way could be viewed by those with access to the DNG host operating system without any need for reversing encrypted values or similar techniques. An attacker that gained access to the DNG logs and with the ability to intercept and manipulate network traffic between a user and the DNG, could decrypt and manipulate SSL/TLS connections to the DNG and to the protected applications behind it. Duo Network Gateway (DNG) versions 1.3.3 through 1.5.7 are affected.
CVE-2020-3484||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Vision Dynamic Signage Director could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to view potentially sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect permissions within Apache configuration. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the web-based management interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view potentially sensitive information on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3485||A vulnerability in the role-based access control (RBAC) functionality of the web management software of Cisco Vision Dynamic Signage Director could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access resources that they should not be able to access and perform actions that they should not be able to perform. The vulnerability exists because the web management software does not properly handle RBAC. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view and delete certain screen content on the system that the attacker would not normally have privileges to access.
CVE-2020-3486||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3487||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3488||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3489||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3490||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Vision Dynamic Signage Director could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative privileges to conduct directory traversal attacks and obtain read access to sensitive files on an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request that contains directory traversal character sequences to an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read files on the underlying operating system with root privileges. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have administrative privileges on the affected system.
CVE-2020-3491||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Vision Dynamic Signage Director could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative privileges to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting malicious data into a specific data field in the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would need to have administrative privileges on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3492||A vulnerability in the Flexible NetFlow Version 9 packet processor of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers and Cisco AireOS Software for Cisco Wireless LAN Controllers (WLC) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of certain parameters in a Flexible NetFlow Version 9 record. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by spoofing the address of an existing Access Point on the network and sending a Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) packet that includes a crafted Flexible NetFlow Version 9 record to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a process crash that would lead to a reload of the device.
CVE-2020-3493||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3494||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3495||A vulnerability in Cisco Jabber for Windows could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of message contents. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending specially crafted Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) messages to the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the application to execute arbitrary programs on the targeted system with the privileges of the user account that is running the Cisco Jabber client software, possibly resulting in arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3496||A vulnerability in the IPv6 packet processing engine of Cisco Small Business Smart and Managed Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of incoming IPv6 traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPv6 packet through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the switch management CLI to stop responding, resulting in a DoS condition. This vulnerability is specific to IPv6 traffic. IPv4 traffic is not affected.
CVE-2020-3497||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) protocol processing of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9800 Series Wireless Controllers could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition of an affected device. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of CAPWAP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malformed CAPWAP packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to crash and reload, resulting in a DoS condition on the affected device.
CVE-2020-3498||A vulnerability in Cisco Jabber software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain access to sensitive information. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of message contents. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending specially crafted messages to a targeted system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the application to return sensitive authentication information to another system, possibly for use in further attacks.
CVE-2020-3499||A vulnerability in the licensing service of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition.The vulnerability is due to improper handling of system resource values by the affected system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious requests to the targeted system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected system to become unresponsive, resulting in a DoS condition and preventing the management of dependent devices.
CVE-2020-3500||A vulnerability in the IPv6 implementation of Cisco StarOS could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of incoming IPv6 traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted IPv6 packet to an affected device with the goal of reaching the vulnerable section of the input buffer. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition. This vulnerability is specific to IPv6 traffic. IPv4 traffic is not affected.
CVE-2020-3501||Multiple vulnerabilities in the user interface of Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to obtain restricted information from other Webex users. These vulnerabilities are due to improper input validation of parameters returned to the application from a web site. An attacker with a valid Webex account could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user to follow a URL that is designed to return malicious path parameters to the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain restricted information from other Webex users.
CVE-2020-35012||The Events Manager WordPress plugin before 5.9.8 does not sanitise and escape a parameter before using it in a SQL statement, leading to an SQL Injection
CVE-2020-3502||Multiple vulnerabilities in the user interface of Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to obtain restricted information from other Webex users. These vulnerabilities are due to improper input validation of parameters returned to the application from a web site. An attacker with a valid Webex account could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user to follow a URL that is designed to return malicious path parameters to the affected software. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain restricted information from other Webex users.
CVE-2020-3503||A vulnerability in the file system permissions of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to obtain read and write access to critical configuration or system files. The vulnerability is due to insufficient file system permissions on an affected device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting to an affected device's guest shell, and accessing or modifying restricted files. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view or modify restricted information or configurations that are normally not accessible to system administrators.
CVE-2020-35037||The Events Manager WordPress plugin before 5.9.8 does not sanitise and escape some search parameter before outputing them in pages, which could lead to Cross-Site Scripting issues
CVE-2020-3504||A vulnerability in the local management (local-mgmt) CLI of Cisco UCS Manager Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of CLI command parameters. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by executing specific commands on the local-mgmt CLI on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause internal system processes to fail to terminate properly, which could result in a buildup of stuck processes and lead to slowness in accessing the UCS Manager CLI and web UI. A sustained attack may result in a restart of internal UCS Manager processes and a temporary loss of access to the UCS Manager CLI and web UI.
CVE-2020-3505||A vulnerability in the Cisco Discovery Protocol of Cisco Video Surveillance 8000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect processing of certain Cisco Discovery Protocol packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending certain Cisco Discovery Protocol packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DOS condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2020-3506||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Cisco Discovery Protocol implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 8000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to execute code remotely or cause a reload of an affected IP camera. These vulnerabilities are due to missing checks when the IP cameras process a Cisco Discovery Protocol packet. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malicious Cisco Discovery Protocol packet to the targeted IP camera. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute code on the affected IP camera or cause it to reload unexpectedly, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2020-3507||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Cisco Discovery Protocol implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 8000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to execute code remotely or cause a reload of an affected IP camera. These vulnerabilities are due to missing checks when the IP cameras process a Cisco Discovery Protocol packet. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a malicious Cisco Discovery Protocol packet to the targeted IP camera. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute code on the affected IP camera or cause it to reload unexpectedly, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2020-35076||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3508||A vulnerability in the IP Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) feature of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco ASR 1000 Series Aggregation Services Routers with a 20-Gbps Embedded Services Processor (ESP) installed could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a denial of service condition. The vulnerability is due to insufficient error handling when an affected device has reached platform limitations. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious series of IP ARP messages to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust system resources, which would eventually cause the affected device to reload.
CVE-2020-3509||A vulnerability in the DHCP message handler of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco cBR-8 Converged Broadband Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the supervisor to crash, which could result in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to insufficient error handling when DHCP version 4 (DHCPv4) messages are parsed. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious DHCPv4 message to or through a WAN interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a reload of the affected device. Note: On Cisco cBR-8 Converged Broadband Routers, all of the following are considered WAN interfaces: 10 Gbps Ethernet interfaces 100 Gbps Ethernet interfaces Port channel interfaces that include multiple 10 and/or 100 Gbps Ethernet interfaces
CVE-2020-35090||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3510||A vulnerability in the Umbrella Connector component of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco Catalyst 9200 Series Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to trigger a reload, resulting in a denial of service condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient error handling when parsing DNS requests. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a series of malicious DNS requests to an Umbrella Connector client interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a crash of the iosd process, which triggers a reload of the affected device.
CVE-2020-3511||A vulnerability in the ISDN subsystem of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a reload of an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation when the ISDN Q.931 messages are processed. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious ISDN Q.931 message to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the process to crash, resulting in a reload of the affected device.
CVE-2020-35110||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35111||When an extension with the proxy permission registered to receive <all_urls>, the proxy.onRequest callback was not triggered for view-source URLs. While web content cannot navigate to such URLs, a user opening View Source could have inadvertently leaked their IP address. This vulnerability affects Firefox < 84, Thunderbird < 78.6, and Firefox ESR < 78.6.
CVE-2020-35112||If a user downloaded a file lacking an extension on Windows, and then "Open"-ed it from the downloads panel, if there was an executable file in the downloads directory with the same name but with an executable extension (such as .bat or .exe) that executable would have been launched instead. *Note: This issue only affected Windows operating systems. Other operating systems are unaffected.*. This vulnerability affects Firefox < 84, Thunderbird < 78.6, and Firefox ESR < 78.6.
CVE-2020-35113||Mozilla developers reported memory safety bugs present in Firefox 83 and Firefox ESR 78.5. Some of these bugs showed evidence of memory corruption and we presume that with enough effort some of these could have been exploited to run arbitrary code. This vulnerability affects Firefox < 84, Thunderbird < 78.6, and Firefox ESR < 78.6.
CVE-2020-35114||Mozilla developers reported memory safety bugs present in Firefox 83. Some of these bugs showed evidence of memory corruption and we presume that with enough effort some of these could have been exploited to run arbitrary code. This vulnerability affects Firefox < 84.
CVE-2020-3512||A vulnerability in the PROFINET handler for Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) messages of Cisco IOS Software and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a crash on an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of LLDP messages in the PROFINET LLDP message handler. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious LLDP message to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to reload.
CVE-2020-35121||An issue was discovered in the Keysight Database Connector plugin before 1.5.0 for Confluence. A malicious user could insert arbitrary JavaScript into saved macro parameters that would execute when a user viewed a page with that instance of the macro.
CVE-2020-35122||An issue was discovered in the Keysight Database Connector plugin before 1.5.0 for Confluence. A malicious user could bypass the access controls for using a saved database connection profile to submit arbitrary SQL against a saved database connection.
CVE-2020-35123||In Zimbra Collaboration Suite Network Edition versions < 9.0.0 P10 and 8.8.15 P17, there exists an XXE vulnerability in the saml consumer store extension, which is vulnerable to XXE attacks. This has been fixed in Zimbra Collaboration Suite Network edition 9.0.0 Patch 10 and 8.8.15 Patch 17.
CVE-2020-35124||A cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the assets component of Mautic before 3.2.4 allows remote attackers to inject executable JavaScript through the Referer header of asset downloads.
CVE-2020-35125||A cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the forms component of Mautic before 3.2.4 allows remote attackers to inject executable JavaScript via mautic[return] (a different attack method than CVE-2020-35124, but also related to the Referer concept).
CVE-2020-35126||** DISPUTED ** Typesetter CMS 5.x through 5.1 allows admins to conduct Site Title persistent XSS attacks via an Admin/Configuration URI. NOTE: the significance of this report is disputed because "admins are considered trustworthy."
CVE-2020-35127||Ignite Realtime Openfire 4.6.0 has plugins/bookmarks/create-bookmark.jsp Stored XSS.
CVE-2020-35128||Mautic before 3.2.4 is affected by stored XSS. An attacker with permission to manage companies, an application feature, could attack other users, including administrators. For example, by loading an externally crafted JavaScript file, an attacker could eventually perform actions as the target user. These actions include changing the user passwords, altering user or email addresses, or adding a new administrator to the system.
CVE-2020-35129||Mautic before 3.2.4 is affected by stored XSS. An attacker with access to Social Monitoring, an application feature, could attack other users, including administrators. For example, an attacker could load an externally drafted JavaScript file that would allow them to eventually perform actions on the target users behalf, including changing the users password or email address or changing the attackers user role from a low-privileged user to an administrator account.
CVE-2020-3513||Multiple vulnerabilities in the initialization routines that are executed during bootup of Cisco IOS XE Software for Cisco ASR 900 Series Aggregation Services Routers with a Route Switch Processor 3 (RSP3) installed could allow an authenticated, local attacker with high privileges to execute persistent code at bootup and break the chain of trust. These vulnerabilities are due to incorrect validations by boot scripts when specific ROM monitor (ROMMON) variables are set. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by copying a specific file to the local file system of an affected device and defining specific ROMMON variables. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to run arbitrary code on the underlying operating system (OS) with root privileges. To exploit these vulnerabilities, an attacker would need to have access to the root shell on the device or have physical access to the device.
CVE-2020-35131||Cockpit before 0.6.1 allows an attacker to inject custom PHP code and achieve Remote Command Execution via registerCriteriaFunction in lib/MongoLite/Database.php, as demonstrated by values in JSON data to the /auth/check or /auth/requestreset URI.
CVE-2020-35132||An XSS issue has been discovered in phpLDAPadmin before 1.2.6.2 that allows users to store malicious values that may be executed by other users at a later time via get_request in lib/function.php.
CVE-2020-35133||irfanView 4.56 contains an error processing parsing files of type .pcx. Which leads to out-of-bounds writing at i_view32+0xdb60.
CVE-2020-35135||The ultimate-category-excluder plugin before 1.2 for WordPress allows ultimate-category-excluder.php CSRF.
CVE-2020-35136||Dolibarr 12.0.3 is vulnerable to authenticated Remote Code Execution. An attacker who has the access the admin dashboard can manipulate the backup function by inserting a payload into the filename for the zipfilename_template parameter to admin/tools/dolibarr_export.php.
CVE-2020-35137||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: the reported issue is not a vulnerability or exposure. Notes: This is an opt-in feature to the product - it is not enabled by default and customers cannot enable it without an explicit email to support. At this time, we do not plan change to make any changes to this feature.
CVE-2020-35138||** DISPUTED ** The MobileIron agents through 2021-03-22 for Android and iOS contain a hardcoded encryption key, used to encrypt the submission of username/password details during the authentication process, as demonstrated by Mobile@Work (aka com.mobileiron). The key is in the com/mobileiron/common/utils/C4928m.java file. NOTE: It has been asserted that there is no causality or connection between credential encryption and the MiTM attack.
CVE-2020-3514||A vulnerability in the multi-instance feature of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to escape the container for their Cisco FTD instance and execute commands with root privileges in the host namespace. The attacker must have valid credentials on the device.The vulnerability exists because a configuration file that is used at container startup has insufficient protections. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by modifying a specific container configuration file on the underlying file system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute commands with root privileges within the host namespace. This could allow the attacker to impact other running Cisco FTD instances or the host Cisco FXOS device.
CVE-2020-35144||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35145||Acronis True Image for Windows prior to 2021 Update 3 allowed local privilege escalation due to a DLL hijacking vulnerability in multiple components, aka an Untrusted Search Path issue.
CVE-2020-35149||lib/utils.js in mquery before 3.2.3 allows a pollution attack because a special property (e.g., __proto__) can be copied during a merge or clone operation.
CVE-2020-3515||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35151||The Online Marriage Registration System 1.0 post parameter "searchdata" in the user/search.php request is vulnerable to Time Based Sql Injection.
CVE-2020-35152||Cloudflare WARP for Windows allows privilege escalation due to an unquoted service path. A malicious user or process running with non-administrative privileges can become an administrator by abusing the unquoted service path issue. Since version 1.2.2695.1, the vulnerability was fixed by adding quotes around the service's binary path. This issue affects Cloudflare WARP for Windows, versions prior to 1.2.2695.1.
CVE-2020-3516||A vulnerability in the web server authentication of Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to crash the web server on the device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation during authentication. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by entering unexpected characters during a valid authentication. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to crash the web server on the device, which must be manually recovered by disabling and re-enabling the web server.
CVE-2020-35163||Dell BSAFE Crypto-C Micro Edition, versions before 4.1.5, and Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions before 4.6, contain a Use of Insufficiently Random Values Vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35164||Dell BSAFE Crypto-C Micro Edition, versions before 4.1.5, and Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions before 4.6, contain an Observable Timing Discrepancy Vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35166||Dell BSAFE Crypto-C Micro Edition, versions before 4.1.5, and Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions before 4.6, contain an Observable Timing Discrepancy Vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35167||Dell BSAFE Crypto-C Micro Edition, versions before 4.1.5, and Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions before 4.6, contain an Observable Timing Discrepancy Vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35168||Dell BSAFE Crypto-C Micro Edition, versions before 4.1.5, and Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions before 4.6, contain an Observable Timing Discrepancy Vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35169||Dell BSAFE Crypto-C Micro Edition, versions before 4.1.5, and Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions before 4.5.2, contain an Improper Input Validation Vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3517||A vulnerability in the Cisco Fabric Services component of Cisco FXOS Software and Cisco NX-OS Software could allow an unauthenticated attacker to cause process crashes, which could result in a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The attack vector is configuration dependent and could be remote or adjacent. For more information about the attack vector, see the Details section of this advisory. The vulnerability is due to insufficient error handling when the affected software parses Cisco Fabric Services messages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious Cisco Fabric Services messages to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a reload of an affected device, which could result in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-35170||Dell EMC Unisphere for PowerMax versions prior to 9.1.0.9, Dell EMC Unisphere for PowerMax versions prior to 9.0.2.16, and Dell EMC PowerMax OS 5978.221.221 and 5978.479.479 contain a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability. An authenticated malicious user may potentially exploit this vulnerability to inject javascript code and affect other authenticated users sessions.
CVE-2020-35173||The Amaze File Manager application before 3.4.2 for Android does not properly restrict intents for controlling the FTP server (aka services.ftpservice.FTPReceiver.ACTION_START_FTPSERVER and services.ftpservice.FTPReceiver.ACTION_STOP_FTPSERVER).
CVE-2020-35175||Frappe Framework 12 and 13 does not properly validate the HTTP method for the frappe.client API.
CVE-2020-35176||In AWStats through 7.8, cgi-bin/awstats.pl?config= accepts a partial absolute pathname (omitting the initial /etc), even though it was intended to only read a file in the /etc/awstats/awstats.conf format. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2017-1000501 and CVE-2020-29600.
CVE-2020-35177||HashiCorp Vault and Vault Enterprise 1.4.1 and newer allowed the enumeration of users via the LDAP auth method. Fixed in 1.5.6 and 1.6.1.
CVE-2020-3518||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of the affected software. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35184||The official composer docker images before 1.8.3 contain a blank password for a root user. System using the composer docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35185||The official ghost docker images before 2.16.1-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the ghost docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35186||The official adminer docker images before 4.7.0-fastcgi contain a blank password for a root user. System using the adminer docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35187||The official telegraf docker images before 1.9.4-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the telegraf docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35188||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2019-5021. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2019-5021. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2019-5021 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage
CVE-2020-35189||The official kong docker images before 1.0.2-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the kong docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-3519||A vulnerability in a specific REST API method of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a path traversal attack on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input to the API. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite arbitrary files on the affected device.
CVE-2020-35190||The official plone Docker images before version of 4.3.18-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the plone docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35191||The official drupal docker images before 8.5.10-fpm-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the drupal docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35192||The official vault docker images before 0.11.6 contain a blank password for a root user. System using the vault docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35193||The official sonarqube docker images before alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the sonarqube docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35194||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2019-5021. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2019-5021. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2019-5021 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2020-35195||The official haproxy docker images before 1.8.18-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the haproxy docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35196||The official rabbitmq docker images before 3.7.13-beta.1-management-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the rabbitmq docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35197||The official memcached docker images before 1.5.11-alpine (Alpine specific) contain a blank password for a root user. System using the memcached docker container deployed by affected versions of the docker image may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35198||An issue was discovered in Wind River VxWorks 7. The memory allocator has a possible integer overflow in calculating a memory block's size to be allocated by calloc(). As a result, the actual memory allocated is smaller than the buffer size specified by the arguments, leading to memory corruption.
CVE-2020-35199||Ignite Realtime Openfire 4.6.0 has create-bookmark.jsp groupchatJID Stored XSS.
CVE-2020-3520||A vulnerability in Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to obtain confidential information from an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient protection of confidential information on an affected device. An attacker at any privilege level could exploit this vulnerability by accessing local filesystems and extracting sensitive information from them. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to view sensitive data, which they could use to elevate their privilege.
CVE-2020-35200||Ignite Realtime Openfire 4.6.0 has plugins/clientcontrol/spark-form.jsp Reflective XSS.
CVE-2020-35201||Ignite Realtime Openfire 4.6.0 has create-bookmark.jsp users Stored XSS.
CVE-2020-35202||Ignite Realtime Openfire 4.6.0 has plugins/dbaccess/db-access.jsp sql Stored XSS.
CVE-2020-35203||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Web Compliance Manager in Quest Policy Authority version 8.1.2.200 allows attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the initFile.jsp file via the msg parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35204||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority version 8.1.2.200 allows attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the PolicyAuthority/Common/FolderControl.jsp file via the unqID parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35205||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF) in Web Compliance Manager in Quest Policy Authority version 8.1.2.200 allows attackers to scan internal ports and make outbound connections via the initFile.jsp file. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35206||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Web Compliance Manager in Quest Policy Authority version 8.1.2.200 allows attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the cConn.jsp file via the ur parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35207||** DISPUTED ** An issue was discovered in the LogMein LastPass Password Manager (aka com.lastpass.ilastpass) app 4.8.11.2403 for iOS. The PIN authentication for unlocking can be bypassed by forcing the authentication result to be true through runtime manipulation. In other words, an attacker could authenticate with an arbitrary PIN. NOTE: the vendor has indicated that this is not an attack of interest within the context of their threat model, which excludes jailbroken devices.
CVE-2020-35208||** DISPUTED ** An issue was discovered in the LogMein LastPass Password Manager (aka com.lastpass.ilastpass) app 4.8.11.2403 for iOS. The password authentication for unlocking can be bypassed by forcing the authentication result to be true through runtime manipulation. In other words, an attacker could authenticate with an arbitrary password. NOTE: the vendor has indicated that this is not an attack of interest within the context of their threat model, which excludes jailbroken devices.
CVE-2020-35209||An issue in Atomix v3.1.5 allows unauthorized Atomix nodes to join a target cluster via providing configuration information.
CVE-2020-3521||A vulnerability in a specific REST API of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct directory traversal attacks on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input to the API. An attacker with a low-privileged account could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to read arbitrary files on the affected system.
CVE-2020-35210||A vulnerability in Atomix v3.1.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (DoS) via a Raft session flooding attack using Raft OpenSessionRequest messages.
CVE-2020-35211||An issue in Atomix v3.1.5 allows unauthorized Atomix nodes to become the lead node in a target cluster via manipulation of the variable terms in RaftContext.
CVE-2020-35213||An issue in Atomix v3.1.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (DoS) via false link event messages sent to a master ONOS node.
CVE-2020-35214||An issue in Atomix v3.1.5 allows a malicious Atomix node to remove states of ONOS storage via abuse of primitive operations.
CVE-2020-35215||An issue in Atomix v3.1.5 allows attackers to access sensitive information when a malicious Atomix node queries distributed variable primitives which contain the entire primitive lists that ONOS nodes use to share important states.
CVE-2020-35216||An issue in Atomix v3.1.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (DoS) via false member down event messages.
CVE-2020-35217||Vert.x-Web framework v4.0 milestone 1-4 does not perform a correct CSRF verification. Instead of comparing the CSRF token in the request with the CSRF token in the cookie, it compares the CSRF token in the cookie against a CSRF token that is stored in the session. An attacker does not even need to provide a CSRF token in the request because the framework does not consider it. The cookies are automatically sent by the browser and the verification will always succeed, leading to a successful CSRF attack.
CVE-2020-35219||The ASUS DSL-N17U modem with firmware 1.1.0.2 allows attackers to access the admin interface by changing the admin password without authentication via a POST request to Advanced_System_Content.asp with the uiViewTools_username=admin&uiViewTools_Password= and uiViewTools_PasswordConfirm= substrings.
CVE-2020-3522||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization on an affected device and access sensitive information that is related to the device. The vulnerability exists because the affected software allows users to access resources that are intended for administrators only. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by submitting a crafted URL to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to add, delete, and edit certain network configurations in the same manner as a user with administrative privileges.
CVE-2020-35220||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2020-35801. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2020-35801. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2020-35801 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2020-35221||The hashing algorithm implemented for NSDP password authentication on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices was found to be insecure, allowing attackers (with access to a network capture) to quickly generate multiple collisions to generate valid passwords, or infer some parts of the original.
CVE-2020-35222||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2020-35783. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2020-35783. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2020-35783 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2020-35223||The CSRF protection mechanism implemented in the web administration panel on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices could be bypassed by omitting the CSRF token parameter in HTTP requests.
CVE-2020-35224||A buffer overflow vulnerability in the NSDP protocol authentication method on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices allows remote unauthenticated attackers to force a device reboot.
CVE-2020-35225||The NSDP protocol implementation on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices was not properly validating the length of string parameters sent in write requests, potentially allowing denial of service attacks.
CVE-2020-35226||NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices allow unauthenticated users to modify the switch DHCP configuration by sending the corresponding write request command.
CVE-2020-35227||A buffer overflow vulnerability in the access control section on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices (in the administration web panel) allows an attacker to inject IP addresses into the whitelist via the checkedList parameter to the delete command.
CVE-2020-35228||A cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the administration web panel on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the language parameter.
CVE-2020-35229||The authentication token required to execute NSDP write requests on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices is not properly invalidated and can be reused until a new token is generated, which allows attackers (with access to network traffic) to effectively gain administrative privileges.
CVE-2020-3523||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35230||Multiple integer overflow parameters were found in the web administration panel on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices. Most of the integer parameters sent through the web server can be abused to cause a denial of service attack.
CVE-2020-35231||The NSDP protocol implementation on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices was affected by an authentication issue that allows an attacker to bypass access controls and obtain full control of the device.
CVE-2020-35232||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: CVE-2020-35782. Reason: This candidate is a reservation duplicate of CVE-2020-35782. Notes: All CVE users should reference CVE-2020-35782 instead of this candidate. All references and descriptions in this candidate have been removed to prevent accidental usage.
CVE-2020-35233||The TFTP server fails to handle multiple connections on NETGEAR JGS516PE/GS116Ev2 v2.6.0.43 devices, and allows external attackers to force device reboots by sending concurrent connections, aka a denial of service attack.
CVE-2020-35234||The easy-wp-smtp plugin before 1.4.4 for WordPress allows Administrator account takeover, as exploited in the wild in December 2020. If an attacker can list the wp-content/plugins/easy-wp-smtp/ directory, then they can discover a log file (such as #############_debug_log.txt) that contains all password-reset links. The attacker can request a reset of the Administrator password and then use a link found there.
CVE-2020-35235||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** vendor/elfinder/php/connector.minimal.php in the secure-file-manager plugin through 2.5 for WordPress loads elFinder code without proper access control. Thus, any authenticated user can run the elFinder upload command to achieve remote code execution. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35236||The GitLab Webhook Handler in amazee.io Lagoon before 1.12.3 has incorrect access control associated with project deletion.
CVE-2020-35239||A vulnerability exists in CakePHP versions 4.0.x through 4.1.3. The CsrfProtectionMiddleware component allows method override parameters to bypass CSRF checks by changing the HTTP request method to an arbitrary string that is not in the list of request methods that CakePHP checks. Additionally, the route middleware does not verify that this overriden method (which can be an arbitrary string) is actually an HTTP method.
CVE-2020-3524||A vulnerability in the Cisco IOS XE ROM Monitor (ROMMON) Software for Cisco 4000 Series Integrated Services Routers, Cisco ASR 920 Series Aggregation Services Routers, Cisco ASR 1000 Series Aggregation Services Routers, and Cisco cBR-8 Converged Broadband Routers could allow an unauthenticated, physical attacker to break the chain of trust and load a compromised software image on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to the presence of a debugging configuration option in the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting to an affected device through the console, forcing the device into ROMMON mode, and writing a malicious pattern using that specific option on the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to break the chain of trust and load a compromised software image on the affected device. A compromised software image is any software image that has not been digitally signed by Cisco.
CVE-2020-35240||FluxBB 1.5.11 is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS in the Blog Content component. This vulnerability can allow an attacker to inject the XSS payload in "Blog Content" and each time any user will visit the blog, the XSS triggers and the attacker can able to steal the cookie according to the crafted payload.
CVE-2020-35241||FlatPress 1.0.3 is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS) in the Blog Content component. This vulnerability can allow an attacker to inject the XSS payload in Blog content via the admin panel. Each time any user will go to that blog page, the XSS triggers and the attacker can steal the cookie according to the crafted payload.
CVE-2020-35242||Flamingo (aka FlamingoIM) through 2020-09-29 has a SQL injection vulnerability in UserManager::updateUserTeamInfoInDbAndMemory.
CVE-2020-35243||Flamingo (aka FlamingoIM) through 2020-09-29 has a SQL injection vulnerability in UserManager::updateUserInfoInDb.
CVE-2020-35244||Flamingo (aka FlamingoIM) through 2020-09-29 has a SQL injection vulnerability in UserManager::addGroup.
CVE-2020-35245||Flamingo (aka FlamingoIM) through 2020-09-29 has a SQL injection vulnerability in UserManager::addUser.
CVE-2020-35249||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ElkarBackup 1.3.3, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the name parameter to the add client feature.
CVE-2020-35252||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability via the 'Full Name' parameter in the User Registration section of User Registration & Login System with Admin Panel 1.0.
CVE-2020-35257||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35259||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3526||A vulnerability in the Common Open Policy Service (COPS) engine of Cisco IOS XE Software on Cisco cBR-8 Converged Broadband Routers could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to crash a device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malformed COPS message to the device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to crash the device.
CVE-2020-35261||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in sourcecodester Multi Restaurant Table Reservation System 1.0 via the Restaurant Name field to /dashboard/profile.php.
CVE-2020-35262||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Digisol DG-HR3400 can be exploited via the NTP server name in Time and date module and "Keyword" in URL Filter.
CVE-2020-35263||EgavilanMedia User Registration & Login System 1.0 is affected by SQL injection to the admin panel, which may allow arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-35269||Nagios Core application version 4.2.4 is vulnerable to Site-Wide Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) in many functions, like adding  deleting for hosts or servers.
CVE-2020-3527||A vulnerability in the Polaris kernel of Cisco Catalyst 9200 Series Switches could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to crash the device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient packet size validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending jumbo frames or frames larger than the configured MTU size to the management interface of this device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to crash the device fully before an automatic recovery.
CVE-2020-35270||Student Result Management System In PHP With Source Code is affected by SQL injection. An attacker can able to access of Admin Panel and manage every account of Result.
CVE-2020-35271||Employee Performance Evaluation System in PHP/MySQLi with Source Code 1.0 is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS) in the Employees, First Name and Last Name fields.
CVE-2020-35272||Employee Performance Evaluation System in PHP/MySQLi with Source Code 1.0 is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS) in the Admin Portal in the Task and Description fields.
CVE-2020-35273||EgavilanMedia User Registration & Login System with Admin Panel 1.0 is affected by Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF) to remotely gain privileges in the User Profile panel. An attacker can update any user's account.
CVE-2020-35274||DotCMS Add Template with admin panel 20.11 is affected by cross-site Scripting (XSS) to gain remote privileges. An attacker could compromise the security of a website or web application through a stored XSS attack and stealing cookies using XSS.
CVE-2020-35275||Coastercms v5.8.18 is affected by cross-site Scripting (XSS). A user can steal a cookie and make the user redirect to any malicious website because it is trigged on the main home page of the product/application.
CVE-2020-35276||EgavilanMedia ECM Address Book 1.0 is affected by SQL injection. An attacker can bypass the Admin Login panel through SQLi and get Admin access and add or remove any user.
CVE-2020-3528||A vulnerability in the OSPF Version 2 (OSPFv2) implementation of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to incomplete input validation when the affected software processes certain OSPFv2 packets with Link-Local Signaling (LLS) data. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malformed OSPFv2 packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-35284||Flamingo (aka FlamingoIM) through 2020-09-29 allows ../ directory traversal because the only ostensibly unpredictable part of a file-transfer request is an MD5 computation; however, this computation occurs on the client side, and the computation details can be easily determined because the product's source code is available.
CVE-2020-3529||A vulnerability in the SSL VPN negotiation process for Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a reload of an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to inefficient direct memory access (DMA) memory management during the negotiation phase of an SSL VPN connection. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a steady stream of crafted Datagram TLS (DTLS) traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust DMA memory on the device and cause a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-35296||ThinkAdmin v6 has default administrator credentials, which allows attackers to gain unrestricted administratior dashboard access.
CVE-2020-3530||A vulnerability in task group assignment for a specific CLI command in Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute that command, even though administrative privileges should be required. The attacker must have valid credentials on the affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect mapping in the source code of task group assignments for a specific command. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by issuing the command, which they should not be authorized to issue, on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to invalidate the integrity of the disk and cause the device to restart. This vulnerability could allow a user with read permissions to issue a specific command that should require Administrator privileges.
CVE-2020-35305||Cross site scripting (XSS) in gollum 5.0 to 5.1.2 via the filename parameter to the 'New Page' dialog.
CVE-2020-35308||CONQUEST DICOM SERVER before 1.5.0 has a code execution vulnerability which can be exploited by attackers to execute malicious code.
CVE-2020-35309||Bakeshop Online Ordering System in PHP/MySQLi 1.0 is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS) which allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary web script or HTML in admin dashboard - "Categories".
CVE-2020-3531||A vulnerability in the REST API of Cisco IoT Field Network Director (FND) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to access the back-end database of an affected system. The vulnerability exists because the affected software does not properly authenticate REST API calls. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by obtaining a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) token and then using the token with REST API requests. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to access the back-end database of the affected device and read, alter, or drop information.
CVE-2020-35310||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none NOTE: This is disputed by the vendor; "We have no records of contact with the original reporter, and have not been able to reproduce any issue."
CVE-2020-35313||A server-side request forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in the addCustomThemePluginRepository function in index.php in WonderCMS 3.1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted URL to the theme/plugin installer.
CVE-2020-35314||A remote code execution vulnerability in the installUpdateThemePluginAction function in index.php in WonderCMS 3.1.3, allows remote attackers to upload a custom plugin which can contain arbitrary code and obtain a webshell via the theme/plugin installer.
CVE-2020-35327||SQL injection vulnerability was discovered in Courier Management System 1.0, which can be exploited via the ref_no (POST) parameter to admin_class.php
CVE-2020-35328||Courier Management System 1.0 - 'First Name' Stored XSS
CVE-2020-35329||Courier Management System 1.0 1.0 is affected by SQL Injection via 'MULTIPART street '.
CVE-2020-3533||A vulnerability in the Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) input packet processor of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to restart unexpectedly. The vulnerability is due to a lack of sufficient memory management protections under heavy SNMP polling loads. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high rate of SNMP requests to the SNMP daemon through the management interface on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the SNMP daemon process to consume a large amount of system memory over time, which could then lead to an unexpected device restart, causing a denial of service (DoS) condition. This vulnerability affects all versions of SNMP.
CVE-2020-35337||ThinkSAAS before 3.38 contains a SQL injection vulnerability through app/topic/action/admin/topic.php via the title parameter, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands.
CVE-2020-35338||The Web Administrative Interface in Mobile Viewpoint Wireless Multiplex Terminal (WMT) Playout Server 20.2.8 and earlier has a default account with a password of "pokon."
CVE-2020-35339||In 74cms version 5.0.1, there is a remote code execution vulnerability in /Application/Admin/Controller/ConfigController.class.php and /ThinkPHP/Common/functions.php where attackers can obtain server permissions and control the server.
CVE-2020-35340||A local file inclusion vulnerability in ExpertPDF 9.5.0 through 14.1.0 allows attackers to read the file contents from files that the running ExpertPDF process has access to read.
CVE-2020-35346||CXUUCMS V3 3.1 is affected by a reflected XSS vulnerability that allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the imgurl parameter of admin.php?c=content&a=add.
CVE-2020-35347||CXUUCMS V3 3.1 has a CSRF vulnerability that can add an administrator account via admin.php?c=adminuser&a=add.
CVE-2020-35349||Savsoft Quiz 5 is affected by: Cross Site Scripting (XSS) via field_title (aka a title on the custom fields page).
CVE-2020-3535||A vulnerability in the loading mechanism of specific DLLs in the Cisco Webex Teams client for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to load a malicious library. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker needs valid credentials on the Windows system. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of directory paths at run time. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by placing a malicious DLL file in a specific location on the targeted system. This file will execute when the vulnerable application launches. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the targeted system with the privileges of another user&rsquo;s account.
CVE-2020-35358||DomainMOD domainmod-v4.15.0 is affected by an insufficient session expiration vulnerability. On changing a password, both sessions using the changed password and old sessions in any other browser or device do not expire and remain active. Such flaws frequently give attackers unauthorized access to some system data or functionality.
CVE-2020-35359||Pure-FTPd 1.0.48 allows remote attackers to prevent legitimate server use by making enough connections to exceed the connection limit.
CVE-2020-3536||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inserting malicious data into a specific data field in an affected interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface.
CVE-2020-35362||DEXT5Upload 2.7.1262310 and earlier is affected by Directory Traversal in handler/dext5handler.jsp. This could allow remote files to be downloaded via a dext5CMD=downloadRequest action with traversal in the fileVirtualPath parameter (the attacker must provide the correct fileOrgName value).
CVE-2020-35364||Beijing Huorong Internet Security 5.0.55.2 allows a non-admin user to escalate privileges by injecting code into a process, and then waiting for a Huorong services restart or a system reboot.
CVE-2020-3537||A vulnerability in Cisco Jabber for Windows software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to gain access to sensitive information. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of message contents. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending specially crafted messages that contain Universal Naming Convention (UNC) links to a targeted user and convincing the user to follow the provided link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the application to access a remote system, possibly allowing the attacker to gain access to sensitive information that the attacker could use in additional attacks.
CVE-2020-35370||A RCE vulnerability exists in Raysync below 3.3.3.8. An unauthenticated unauthorized attacker sending a specifically crafted request to override the specific file in server with malicious content can login as "admin", then to modify specific shell file to achieve remote code execution(RCE) on the hosting server.
CVE-2020-35373||In Fiyo CMS 2.0.6.1, the 'tag' parameter results in an unauthenticated XSS attack.
CVE-2020-35376||Xpdf 4.02 allows stack consumption because of an incorrect subroutine reference in a Type 1C font charstring, related to the FoFiType1C::getOp() function.
CVE-2020-35378||SQL Injection in the login page in Online Bus Ticket Reservation 1.0 allows attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and bypass authentication via the username and password fields.
CVE-2020-35380||GJSON before 1.6.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via crafted JSON.
CVE-2020-35381||jsonparser 1.0.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (panic: runtime error: slice bounds out of range) via a GET call.
CVE-2020-35382||SQL Injection in Classbooking before 2.4.1 via the username field of a CSV file when adding a new user.
CVE-2020-35388||rainrocka xinhu 2.1.9 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via an index.php?a=gettotal request in which the ajaxbool value is manipulated to be true.
CVE-2020-35391||Tenda N300 F3 12.01.01.48 devices allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information (possibly including an http_passwd line) via a direct request for cgi-bin/DownloadCfg/RouterCfm.cfg, a related issue to CVE-2017-14942. NOTE: the vulnerability report may suggest that either a ? character must be placed after the RouterCfm.cfg filename, or that the HTTP request headers must be unusual, but it is not known why these are relevant to the device's HTTP response behavior.
CVE-2020-35395||XSS in the Add Expense Component of EGavilan Media Expense Management System 1.0 allows an attacker to permanently store malicious JavaScript code via the 'description' field
CVE-2020-35396||EGavilan Barcodes generator 1.0 is affected by: Cross Site Scripting (XSS) via the index.php. An Attacker is able to inject the XSS payload in the web application each time a user visits the website.
CVE-2020-35398||An issue was discovered in UTI Mutual fund Android application 5.4.18 and prior, allows attackers to brute force enumeration of usernames determined by the error message returned after invalid credentials are attempted.
CVE-2020-3541||A vulnerability in the media engine component of Cisco Webex Meetings Client for Windows, Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App for Windows, and Cisco Webex Teams for Windows could allow an authenticated, local attacker to gain access to sensitive information. The vulnerability is due to unsafe logging of authentication requests by the affected software. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by reading log files that are stored in the application directory. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain access to sensitive information, which could be used in further attacks.
CVE-2020-35416||Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities exist in PHPJabbers Appointment Scheduler 2.3, in the index.php admin login webpage (with different request parameters), allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML.
CVE-2020-35418||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) in the contact page of Group Office CRM 6.4.196 by uploading a crafted svg file.
CVE-2020-35419||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) in Group Office CRM 6.4.196 via the SET_LANGUAGE parameter.
CVE-2020-3542||A vulnerability in Cisco Webex Training could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to join a password-protected meeting without providing the meeting password. The vulnerability is due to improper validation of input to API requests that are a part of meeting join flow. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending an API request to the application, which would return a URL that includes a meeting join page that is prepopulated with the meeting username and password. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to join the password-protected meeting. The attacker would be visible in the attendee list of the meeting.
CVE-2020-35427||SQL injection vulnerability in PHPGurukul Employee Record Management System 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and bypass authentication.
CVE-2020-3543||A vulnerability in the Cisco Discovery Protocol of Cisco Video Surveillance 8000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a memory leak, which could lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect processing of certain Cisco Discovery Protocol packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending certain Cisco Discovery Protocol packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to continuously consume memory, which could cause the device to crash and reload, resulting in a DOS condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2020-35430||SQL Injection in com/inxedu/OS/edu/controller/letter/AdminMsgSystemController in Inxedu v2.0.6 via the ids parameter to admin/letter/delsystem.
CVE-2020-35437||Subrion CMS 4.2.1 is affected by: Cross Site Scripting (XSS) through the avatar[path] parameter in a POST request to the /_core/profile/ URI.
CVE-2020-35438||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the kk Star Ratings plugin before 4.1.5.
CVE-2020-3544||A vulnerability in the Cisco Discovery Protocol implementation for Cisco Video Surveillance 8000 Series IP Cameras could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected device or cause the device to reload. This vulnerability is due to missing checks when an IP camera processes a Cisco Discovery Protocol packet. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malicious Cisco Discovery Protocol packet to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute code on the affected IP camera or cause it to reload unexpectedly, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. Note: Cisco Discovery Protocol is a Layer 2 protocol. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must be in the same broadcast domain as the affected device (Layer 2 adjacent).
CVE-2020-35441||FDCMS (aka Fangfa Content Management System) 4.0 contains a front-end SQL injection via Admin/Lib/Action/FloginAction.class.php.
CVE-2020-35442||FDCMS (also known as Fangfa Content Management System) 4.0 allows remote attackers to get a webshell in the background via Front/lib/Action/FindexAction.class.php.
CVE-2020-35448||An issue was discovered in the Binary File Descriptor (BFD) library (aka libbfd), as distributed in GNU Binutils 2.35.1. A heap-based buffer over-read can occur in bfd_getl_signed_32 in libbfd.c because sh_entsize is not validated in _bfd_elf_slurp_secondary_reloc_section in elf.c.
CVE-2020-3545||A vulnerability in Cisco FXOS Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker with administrative credentials to cause a buffer overflow condition. The vulnerability is due to incorrect bounds checking of values that are parsed from a specific file. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by supplying a crafted file that, when it is processed, may cause a stack-based buffer overflow. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system with root privileges. An attacker would need to have valid administrative credentials to exploit this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35450||Gobby 0.4.11 allows a NULL pointer dereference in the D-Bus handler for certain set_language calls.
CVE-2020-35451||There is a race condition in OozieSharelibCLI in Apache Oozie before version 5.2.1 which allows a malicious attacker to replace the files in Oozie's sharelib during it's creation.
CVE-2020-35452||Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 to 2.4.46 A specially crafted Digest nonce can cause a stack overflow in mod_auth_digest. There is no report of this overflow being exploitable, nor the Apache HTTP Server team could create one, though some particular compiler and/or compilation option might make it possible, with limited consequences anyway due to the size (a single byte) and the value (zero byte) of the overflow
CVE-2020-35453||HashiCorp Vault Enterprises Sentinel EGP policy feature incorrectly allowed requests to be processed in parent and sibling namespaces. Fixed in 1.5.6 and 1.6.1.
CVE-2020-35454||The Taidii Diibear Android application 2.4.0 and all its derivatives allow attackers to obtain user credentials from an Android backup because of insecure application configuration.
CVE-2020-35455||The Taidii Diibear Android application 2.4.0 and all its derivatives allow attackers to obtain user credentials from Shared Preferences and the SQLite database because of insecure data storage.
CVE-2020-35456||The Taidii Diibear Android application 2.4.0 and all its derivatives allow attackers to view private chat messages and media files via logcat because of excessive logging.
CVE-2020-35457||** DISPUTED ** GNOME GLib before 2.65.3 has an integer overflow, that might lead to an out-of-bounds write, in g_option_group_add_entries. NOTE: the vendor's position is "Realistically this is not a security issue. The standard pattern is for callers to provide a static list of option entries in a fixed number of calls to g_option_group_add_entries()." The researcher states that this pattern is undocumented.
CVE-2020-35458||An issue was discovered in ClusterLabs Hawk 2.x through 2.3.0-x. There is a Ruby shell code injection issue via the hawk_remember_me_id parameter in the login_from_cookie cookie. The user logout routine could be used by unauthenticated remote attackers to execute code as hauser.
CVE-2020-35459||An issue was discovered in ClusterLabs crmsh through 4.2.1. Local attackers able to call "crm history" (when "crm" is run) were able to execute commands via shell code injection to the crm history commandline, potentially allowing escalation of privileges.
CVE-2020-3546||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco AsyncOS software for Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of requests that are sent to the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the interface of an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain the IP addresses that are configured on the internal interfaces of the affected device. There is a workaround that addresses this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35460||common/InputStreamHelper.java in Packwood MPXJ before 8.3.5 allows directory traversal in the zip stream handler flow, leading to the writing of files to arbitrary locations.
CVE-2020-35462||Version 3.16.0 of the CoScale agent Docker image contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the CoScale agent container may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35463||Version 1.0.0 of the Instana Dynamic APM Docker image contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the Instana Dynamic APM container may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35464||Version 1.3.0 of the Weave Cloud Agent Docker image contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the Weave Cloud Agent container may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35465||The FullArmor HAPI File Share Mount Docker image through 2020-12-14 contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the FullArmor HAPI File Share Mount container may allow the remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35466||The Blackfire Docker image through 2020-12-14 contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the Blackfire container may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35467||The Docker Docs Docker image through 2020-12-14 contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the Docker Docs container may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35468||The Appbase streams Docker image 2.1.2 contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the streams container may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-35469||The Software AG Terracotta Server OSS Docker image 5.4.1 contains a blank password for the root user. Systems deployed using affected versions of the Terracotta Server OSS container may allow a remote attacker to achieve root access with a blank password.
CVE-2020-3547||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco AsyncOS software for Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA), Cisco Content Security Management Appliance (SMA), and Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to access sensitive information on an affected device. The vulnerability exists because an insecure method is used to mask certain passwords on the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by looking at the raw HTML code that is received from the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain some of the passwords configured throughout the interface.
CVE-2020-35470||Envoy before 1.16.1 logs an incorrect downstream address because it considers only the directly connected peer, not the information in the proxy protocol header. This affects situations with tcp-proxy as the network filter (not HTTP filters).
CVE-2020-35471||Envoy before 1.16.1 mishandles dropped and truncated datagrams, as demonstrated by a segmentation fault for a UDP packet size larger than 1500.
CVE-2020-35473||An information leakage vulnerability in the Bluetooth Low Energy advertisement scan response in Bluetooth Core Specifications 4.0 through 5.2, and extended scan response in Bluetooth Core Specifications 5.0 through 5.2, may be used to identify devices using Resolvable Private Addressing (RPA) by their response or non-response to specific scan requests from remote addresses. RPAs that have been associated with a specific remote device may also be used to identify a peer in the same manner by using its reaction to an active scan request. This has also been called an allowlist-based side channel.
CVE-2020-35474||In MediaWiki before 1.35.1, the combination of Html::rawElement and Message::text leads to XSS because the definition of MediaWiki:recentchanges-legend-watchlistexpiry can be changed onwiki so that the output is raw HTML.
CVE-2020-35475||In MediaWiki before 1.35.1, the messages userrights-expiry-current and userrights-expiry-none can contain raw HTML. XSS can happen when a user visits Special:UserRights but does not have rights to change all userrights, and the table on the left side has unchangeable groups in it. (The right column with the changeable groups is not affected and is escaped correctly.)
CVE-2020-35476||A remote code execution vulnerability occurs in OpenTSDB through 2.4.0 via command injection in the yrange parameter. The yrange value is written to a gnuplot file in the /tmp directory. This file is then executed via the mygnuplot.sh shell script. (tsd/GraphHandler.java attempted to prevent command injections by blocking backticks but this is insufficient.)
CVE-2020-35477||MediaWiki before 1.35.1 blocks legitimate attempts to hide log entries in some situations. If one sets MediaWiki:Mainpage to Special:MyLanguage/Main Page, visits a log entry on Special:Log, and toggles the "Change visibility of selected log entries" checkbox (or a tags checkbox) next to it, there is a redirection to the main page's action=historysubmit (instead of the desired behavior in which a revision-deletion form appears).
CVE-2020-35478||MediaWiki before 1.35.1 allows XSS via BlockLogFormatter.php. MediaWiki:blanknamespace potentially can be output as raw HTML with SCRIPT tags via LogFormatter::makePageLink(). This affects MediaWiki 1.33.0 and later.
CVE-2020-35479||MediaWiki before 1.35.1 allows XSS via BlockLogFormatter.php. Language::translateBlockExpiry itself does not escape in all code paths. For example, the return of Language::userTimeAndDate is is always unsafe for HTML in a month value. This affects MediaWiki 1.12.0 and later.
CVE-2020-35480||An issue was discovered in MediaWiki before 1.35.1. Missing users (accounts that don't exist) and hidden users (accounts that have been explicitly hidden due to being abusive, or similar) that the viewer cannot see are handled differently, exposing sensitive information about the hidden status to unprivileged viewers. This exists on various code paths.
CVE-2020-35481||SolarWinds Serv-U before 15.2.2 allows Unauthenticated Macro Injection.
CVE-2020-35482||SolarWinds Serv-U before 15.2.2 allows authenticated reflected XSS.
CVE-2020-35483||AnyDesk before 6.1.0 on Windows, when run in portable mode on a system where the attacker has write access to the application directory, allows this attacker to compromise a local user account via a read-only setting for a Trojan horse gcapi.dll file.
CVE-2020-35488||The fileop module of the NXLog service in NXLog Community Edition 2.10.2150 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via a crafted Syslog payload to the Syslog service. This attack requires a specific configuration. Also, the name of the directory created must use a Syslog field. (For example, on Linux it is not possible to create a .. directory. On Windows, it is not possible to create a CON directory.)
CVE-2020-35489||The contact-form-7 (aka Contact Form 7) plugin before 5.3.2 for WordPress allows Unrestricted File Upload and remote code execution because a filename may contain special characters.
CVE-2020-3549||A vulnerability in the sftunnel functionality of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to obtain the device registration hash. The vulnerability is due to insufficient sftunnel negotiation protection during initial device registration. An attacker in a man-in-the-middle position could exploit this vulnerability by intercepting a specific flow of the sftunnel communication between an FMC device and an FTD device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to decrypt and modify the sftunnel communication between FMC and FTD devices, allowing the attacker to modify configuration data sent from an FMC device to an FTD device or alert data sent from an FTD device to an FMC device.
CVE-2020-35490||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.PerUserPoolDataSource.
CVE-2020-35491||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.SharedPoolDataSource.
CVE-2020-35492||A flaw was found in cairo's image-compositor.c in all versions prior to 1.17.4. This flaw allows an attacker who can provide a crafted input file to cairo's image-compositor (for example, by convincing a user to open a file in an application using cairo, or if an application uses cairo on untrusted input) to cause a stack buffer overflow -> out-of-bounds WRITE. The highest impact from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2020-35493||A flaw exists in binutils in bfd/pef.c. An attacker who is able to submit a crafted PEF file to be parsed by objdump could cause a heap buffer overflow -> out-of-bounds read that could lead to an impact to application availability. This flaw affects binutils versions prior to 2.34.
CVE-2020-35494||There's a flaw in binutils /opcodes/tic4x-dis.c. An attacker who is able to submit a crafted input file to be processed by binutils could cause usage of uninitialized memory. The highest threat is to application availability with a lower threat to data confidentiality. This flaw affects binutils versions prior to 2.34.
CVE-2020-35495||There's a flaw in binutils /bfd/pef.c. An attacker who is able to submit a crafted input file to be processed by the objdump program could cause a null pointer dereference. The greatest threat from this flaw is to application availability. This flaw affects binutils versions prior to 2.34.
CVE-2020-35496||There's a flaw in bfd_pef_scan_start_address() of bfd/pef.c in binutils which could allow an attacker who is able to submit a crafted file to be processed by objdump to cause a NULL pointer dereference. The greatest threat of this flaw is to application availability. This flaw affects binutils versions prior to 2.34.
CVE-2020-35497||A flaw was found in ovirt-engine 4.4.3 and earlier allowing an authenticated user to read other users' personal information, including name, email and public SSH key.
CVE-2020-35498||A vulnerability was found in openvswitch. A limitation in the implementation of userspace packet parsing can allow a malicious user to send a specially crafted packet causing the resulting megaflow in the kernel to be too wide, potentially causing a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2020-35499||A NULL pointer dereference flaw in Linux kernel versions prior to 5.11 may be seen if sco_sock_getsockopt function in net/bluetooth/sco.c do not have a sanity check for a socket connection, when using BT_SNDMTU/BT_RCVMTU for SCO sockets. This could allow a local attacker with a special user privilege to crash the system (DOS) or leak kernel internal information.
CVE-2020-3550||A vulnerability in the sfmgr daemon of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to perform directory traversal and access directories outside the restricted path. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using a relative path in specific sfmgr commands. An exploit could allow the attacker to read or write arbitrary files on an sftunnel-connected peer device.
CVE-2020-35500||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35501||A flaw was found in the Linux kernels implementation of audit rules, where a syscall can unexpectedly not be correctly not be logged by the audit subsystem
CVE-2020-35502||A flaw was found in Privoxy in versions before 3.0.29. Memory leaks when a response is buffered and the buffer limit is reached or Privoxy is running out of memory can lead to a system crash.
CVE-2020-35503||A NULL pointer dereference flaw was found in the megasas-gen2 SCSI host bus adapter emulation of QEMU in versions before and including 6.0. This issue occurs in the megasas_command_cancelled() callback function while dropping a SCSI request. This flaw allows a privileged guest user to crash the QEMU process on the host, resulting in a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2020-35504||A NULL pointer dereference flaw was found in the SCSI emulation support of QEMU in versions before 6.0.0. This flaw allows a privileged guest user to crash the QEMU process on the host, resulting in a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2020-35505||A NULL pointer dereference flaw was found in the am53c974 SCSI host bus adapter emulation of QEMU in versions before 6.0.0. This issue occurs while handling the 'Information Transfer' command. This flaw allows a privileged guest user to crash the QEMU process on the host, resulting in a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2020-35506||A use-after-free vulnerability was found in the am53c974 SCSI host bus adapter emulation of QEMU in versions before 6.0.0 during the handling of the 'Information Transfer' command (CMD_TI). This flaw allows a privileged guest user to crash the QEMU process on the host, resulting in a denial of service or potential code execution with the privileges of the QEMU process.
CVE-2020-35507||There's a flaw in bfd_pef_parse_function_stubs of bfd/pef.c in binutils in versions prior to 2.34 which could allow an attacker who is able to submit a crafted file to be processed by objdump to cause a NULL pointer dereference. The greatest threat of this flaw is to application availability.
CVE-2020-35508||A flaw possibility of race condition and incorrect initialization of the process id was found in the Linux kernel child/parent process identification handling while filtering signal handlers. A local attacker is able to abuse this flaw to bypass checks to send any signal to a privileged process.
CVE-2020-35509||A flaw was found in keycloak affecting versions 11.0.3 and 12.0.0. An expired certificate would be accepted by the direct-grant authenticator because of missing time stamp validations. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity.
CVE-2020-3551||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface of an affected device. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of an affected interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35510||A flaw was found in jboss-remoting in versions before 5.0.20.SP1-redhat-00001. A malicious attacker could cause threads to hold up forever in the EJB server by writing a sequence of bytes corresponding to the expected messages of a successful EJB client request, but omitting the ACK messages, or just tamper with jboss-remoting code, deleting the lines that send the ACK message from the EJB client code resulting in a denial of service. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability.
CVE-2020-35511||A global buffer overflow was discovered in pngcheck function in pngcheck-2.4.0(5 patches applied) via a crafted png file.
CVE-2020-35512||A use-after-free flaw was found in D-Bus Development branch <= 1.13.16, dbus-1.12.x stable branch <= 1.12.18, and dbus-1.10.x and older branches <= 1.10.30 when a system has multiple usernames sharing the same UID. When a set of policy rules references these usernames, D-Bus may free some memory in the heap, which is still used by data structures necessary for the other usernames sharing the UID, possibly leading to a crash or other undefined behaviors
CVE-2020-35513||A flaw incorrect umask during file or directory modification in the Linux kernel NFS (network file system) functionality was found in the way user create and delete object using NFSv4.2 or newer if both simultaneously accessing the NFS by the other process that is not using new NFSv4.2. A user with access to the NFS could use this flaw to starve the resources causing denial of service.
CVE-2020-35514||An insecure modification flaw in the /etc/kubernetes/kubeconfig file was found in OpenShift. This flaw allows an attacker with access to a running container which mounts /etc/kubernetes or has local access to the node, to copy this kubeconfig file and attempt to add their own node to the OpenShift cluster. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability. This flaw affects versions before openshift4/ose-machine-config-operator v4.7.0-202105111858.p0.
CVE-2020-35515||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35516||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35517||A flaw was found in qemu. A host privilege escalation issue was found in the virtio-fs shared file system daemon where a privileged guest user is able to create a device special file in the shared directory and use it to r/w access host devices.
CVE-2020-35518||When binding against a DN during authentication, the reply from 389-ds-base will be different whether the DN exists or not. This can be used by an unauthenticated attacker to check the existence of an entry in the LDAP database.
CVE-2020-35519||An out-of-bounds (OOB) memory access flaw was found in x25_bind in net/x25/af_x25.c in the Linux kernel version v5.12-rc5. A bounds check failure allows a local attacker with a user account on the system to gain access to out-of-bounds memory, leading to a system crash or a leak of internal kernel information. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2020-3552||A vulnerability in the Ethernet packet handling of Cisco Aironet Access Points (APs) Software could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by connecting as a wired client to the Ethernet interface of an affected device and sending a series of specific packets within a short time frame. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a NULL pointer access that results in a reload of the affected device.
CVE-2020-35520||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35521||A flaw was found in libtiff. Due to a memory allocation failure in tif_read.c, a crafted TIFF file can lead to an abort, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-35522||In LibTIFF, there is a memory malloc failure in tif_pixarlog.c. A crafted TIFF document can lead to an abort, resulting in a remote denial of service attack.
CVE-2020-35523||An integer overflow flaw was found in libtiff that exists in the tif_getimage.c file. This flaw allows an attacker to inject and execute arbitrary code when a user opens a crafted TIFF file. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2020-35524||A heap-based buffer overflow flaw was found in libtiff in the handling of TIFF images in libtiff's TIFF2PDF tool. A specially crafted TIFF file can lead to arbitrary code execution. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to confidentiality, integrity, as well as system availability.
CVE-2020-35525||In SQlite 3.31.1, a potential null pointer derreference was found in the INTERSEC query processing.
CVE-2020-35526||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35527||In SQLite 3.31.1, there is an out of bounds access problem through ALTER TABLE for views that have a nested FROM clause.
CVE-2020-35528||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35529||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3553||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. These vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35530||In LibRaw, there is an out-of-bounds write vulnerability within the "new_node()" function (libraw\src\x3f\x3f_utils_patched.cpp) that can be triggered via a crafted X3F file.
CVE-2020-35531||In LibRaw, an out-of-bounds read vulnerability exists within the get_huffman_diff() function (libraw\src\x3f\x3f_utils_patched.cpp) when reading data from an image file.
CVE-2020-35532||In LibRaw, an out-of-bounds read vulnerability exists within the "simple_decode_row()" function (libraw\src\x3f\x3f_utils_patched.cpp) which can be triggered via an image with a large row_stride field.
CVE-2020-35533||In LibRaw, an out-of-bounds read vulnerability exists within the "LibRaw::adobe_copy_pixel()" function (libraw\src\decoders\dng.cpp) when reading data from the image file.
CVE-2020-35534||In LibRaw, there is a memory corruption vulnerability within the "crxFreeSubbandData()" function (libraw\src\decoders\crx.cpp) when processing cr3 files.
CVE-2020-35535||In LibRaw, there is an out-of-bounds read vulnerability within the "LibRaw::parseSonySRF()" function (libraw\src\metadata\sony.cpp) when processing srf files.
CVE-2020-35536||In gcc, an internal compiler error in match_reload function at lra-constraints.c may cause a crash through a crafted input file.
CVE-2020-35537||In gcc, a crafted input source file could cause g++ to crash during compilation when provided certain optimization flags. The problem resides in the ipcp_store_vr_results function in gcc/ipa-cp.c.
CVE-2020-35538||A crafted input file could cause a null pointer dereference in jcopy_sample_rows() when processed by libjpeg-turbo.
CVE-2020-35539||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3554||A vulnerability in the TCP packet processing of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a memory exhaustion condition. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high rate of crafted TCP traffic through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust device resources, resulting in a DoS condition for traffic transiting the affected device.
CVE-2020-35540||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35541||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35542||Unisys Data Exchange Management Studio through 5.0.34 doesn't sanitize the input to a HTML document field. This could be used for an XSS attack.
CVE-2020-35545||Time-based SQL injection exists in Spotweb 1.4.9 via the query string.
CVE-2020-35547||A library index page in NuPoint Messenger in Mitel MiCollab before 9.2 FP1 could allow an unauthenticated attacker to gain access (view and modify) to user data.
CVE-2020-35548||An issue was discovered in Finder on Samsung mobile devices with Q(10.0) software. A call to a non-existent provider allows attackers to cause a denial of service. The Samsung ID is SVE-2020-18629 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-35549||An issue was discovered on Samsung mobile devices with O(8.x), P(9.0), and Q(10.0) software. Any application may establish itself as the default dialer, without user interaction. The Samsung ID is SVE-2020-19172 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-3555||A vulnerability in the SIP inspection process of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a crash and reload of an affected device, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to a watchdog timeout and crash during the cleanup of threads that are associated with a SIP connection that is being deleted from the connection list. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high rate of crafted SIP traffic through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a watchdog timeout and crash, resulting in a crash and reload of the affected device.
CVE-2020-35550||An issue was discovered on Samsung mobile devices with O(8.x), P(9.0), Q(10.0), and R(11.0) software. Attackers can bypass Factory Reset Protection (FRP) via StatusBar. The Samsung ID is SVE-2020-17888 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-35551||An issue was discovered on Samsung mobile devices with O(8.x), P(9.0), and Q(10.0) (Exynos chipsets) software. They allow attackers to conduct RPMB state-change attacks because an unauthorized RPMB write operation can be replayed, a related issue to CVE-2020-13799. The Samsung ID is SVE-2020-18100 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-35552||An issue was discovered in the GPS daemon on Samsung mobile devices with O(8.x), P(9.0), and Q(10.0) (non-Qualcomm chipsets) software. Attackers can obtain sensitive location information because the configuration file is incorrect. The Samsung ID is SVE-2020-18678 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-35553||An issue was discovered on Samsung mobile devices with Q(10.0) and R(11.0) (Qualcomm SM8250 chipsets) software. They allows attackers to cause a denial of service (unlock failure) by triggering a power-shortage incident that causes a false-positive attack detection. The Samsung ID is SVE-2020-19678 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-35554||An issue was discovered on LG mobile devices with Android OS 8.0, 8.1, 9.0, and 10 software. There is a WebView SSL error-handler vulnerability. The LG ID is LVE-SMP-200026 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-35555||An issue was discovered on LG mobile devices with Android OS 10 software. When a dual-screen configuration is supported, the device does not lock upon disconnection of a call with the cover closed. The LG ID is LVE-SMP-200027 (December 2020).
CVE-2020-35556||An issue was discovered in Acronis Cyber Protect before 15 Update 1 build 26172. Because the local notification service misconfigures CORS, information disclosure can occur.
CVE-2020-35557||An issue in MB connect line mymbCONNECT24, mbCONNECT24 and Helmholz myREX24 and myREX24.virtual in all versions through v2.11.2 allows a logged in user to see devices in the account he should not have access to due to improper use of access validation.
CVE-2020-35558||An issue was discovered in MB connect line mymbCONNECT24, mbCONNECT24 and Helmholz myREX24 and myREX24.virtual through 2.11.2. There is an SSRF in the in the MySQL access check, allowing an attacker to scan for open ports and gain some information about possible credentials.
CVE-2020-35559||An issue was discovered in MB CONNECT LINE mymbCONNECT24 and mbCONNECT24 through 2.6.2. There is an unused function that allows an authenticated attacker to use up all available IPs of an account and thus not allow creation of new devices and users.
CVE-2020-3556||A vulnerability in the interprocess communication (IPC) channel of Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to cause a targeted AnyConnect user to execute a malicious script. The vulnerability is due to a lack of authentication to the IPC listener. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted IPC messages to the AnyConnect client IPC listener. A successful exploit could allow an attacker to cause the targeted AnyConnect user to execute a script. This script would execute with the privileges of the targeted AnyConnect user. In order to successfully exploit this vulnerability, there must be an ongoing AnyConnect session by the targeted user at the time of the attack. To exploit this vulnerability, the attacker would also need valid user credentials on the system upon which the AnyConnect client is being run. Cisco has not released software updates that address this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35560||An issue was discovered in MB CONNECT LINE mymbCONNECT24 and mbCONNECT24 through 2.6.2. There is an unauthenticated open redirect in the redirect.php.
CVE-2020-35561||An issue was discovered MB connect line mymbCONNECT24, mbCONNECT24 and Helmholz myREX24 and myREX24.virtual in all versions through v2.11.2. There is an SSRF in the HA module allowing an unauthenticated attacker to scan for open ports.
CVE-2020-35563||An issue was discovered in MB CONNECT LINE mymbCONNECT24 and mbCONNECT24 through 2.6.2. There is an incomplete XSS filter allowing an attacker to inject crafted malicious code into the page.
CVE-2020-35564||An issue was discovered in MB CONNECT LINE mymbCONNECT24 and mbCONNECT24 through 2.6.2. There is an outdated and unused component allowing for malicious user input of active code.
CVE-2020-35565||An issue was discovered in MB CONNECT LINE mymbCONNECT24 and mbCONNECT24 through 2.6.2. The login pages bruteforce detection is disabled by default.
CVE-2020-35566||An issue was discovered in MB connect line mymbCONNECT24, mbCONNECT24 and Helmholz myREX24 and myREX24.virtual in all versions through v2.11.2. An attacker can read arbitrary JSON files via Local File Inclusion.
CVE-2020-35567||An issue was discovered in MB CONNECT LINE mymbCONNECT24 and mbCONNECT24 through 2.6.2. The software uses a secure password for database access, but this password is shared across instances.
CVE-2020-35568||An issue was discovered in MB connect line mymbCONNECT24, mbCONNECT24 and Helmholz myREX24 and myREX24.virtual in all versions through v2.11.2. An incomplete filter applied to a database response allows an authenticated attacker to gain non-public information about other users and devices in the account.
CVE-2020-35569||An issue was discovered in MB CONNECT LINE mymbCONNECT24 and mbCONNECT24 through 2.6.2. There is a self XSS issue with a crafted cookie in the login page.
CVE-2020-3557||A vulnerability in the host input API daemon of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper certificate validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted data stream to the host input daemon of the affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the host input daemon to restart. The attacker could use repeated attacks to cause the daemon to continuously reload, creating a DoS condition for the API.
CVE-2020-35570||An issue was discovered in MB connect line mymbCONNECT24, mbCONNECT24 and Helmholz myREX24 and myREX24.virtual through 2.11.2. An unauthenticated attacker is able to access files (that should have been restricted) via forceful browsing.
CVE-2020-35571||An issue was discovered in MantisBT through 2.24.3. In the helper_ensure_confirmed call in manage_custom_field_update.php, the custom field name is not sanitized. This may be problematic depending on CSP settings.
CVE-2020-35572||Adminer through 4.7.8 allows XSS via the history parameter to the default URI.
CVE-2020-35573||srs2.c in PostSRSd before 1.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a long timestamp tag in an SRS address.
CVE-2020-35575||A password-disclosure issue in the web interface on certain TP-Link devices allows a remote attacker to get full administrative access to the web panel. This affects WA901ND devices before 3.16.9(201211) beta, and Archer C5, Archer C7, MR3420, MR6400, WA701ND, WA801ND, WDR3500, WDR3600, WE843N, WR1043ND, WR1045ND, WR740N, WR741ND, WR749N, WR802N, WR840N, WR841HP, WR841N, WR842N, WR842ND, WR845N, WR940N, WR941HP, WR945N, WR949N, and WRD4300 devices.
CVE-2020-35576||A Command Injection issue in the traceroute feature on TP-Link TL-WR841N V13 (JP) with firmware versions prior to 201216 allows authenticated users to execute arbitrary code as root via shell metacharacters, a different vulnerability than CVE-2018-12577.
CVE-2020-35577||In Endalia Selection Portal before 4.205.0, an Insecure Direct Object Reference (IDOR) allows any authenticated user to download every file uploaded to the platform by changing the value of the file identifier (aka CommonDownload identification number).
CVE-2020-35578||An issue was discovered in the Manage Plugins page in Nagios XI before 5.8.0. Because the line-ending conversion feature is mishandled during a plugin upload, a remote, authenticated admin user can execute operating-system commands.
CVE-2020-35579||tindy2013 subconverter 0.6.4 has a /sub?target=%TARGET%&url=%URL%&config=%CONFIG% API endpoint that accepts an arbitrary %URL% value and launches a GET request for it, but does not consider that the external request target may indirectly redirect back to this original /sub endpoint. Thus, a request loop and a denial of service may occur.
CVE-2020-3558||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to redirect a user to a malicious web page. The vulnerability is due to improper input validation of the parameters of an HTTP request. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by intercepting an HTTP request from a user. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify the HTTP request to cause the interface to redirect the user to a specific, malicious URL. This type of vulnerability is known as an open redirect attack and is used in phishing attacks that get users to unknowingly visit malicious sites.
CVE-2020-35580||A local file inclusion vulnerability in the FileServlet in all SearchBlox before 9.2.2 allows remote, unauthenticated users to read arbitrary files from the operating system via a /searchblox/servlet/FileServlet?col=url= request. Additionally, this may be used to read the contents of the SearchBlox configuration file (e.g., searchblox/WEB-INF/config.xml), which contains both the Super Admin's API key and the base64 encoded SHA1 password hashes of other SearchBlox users.
CVE-2020-35581||A stored cross-site scripting (XSS) issue in Envira Gallery Lite before 1.8.3.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary JavaScript/HTML code via a POST /wp-admin/admin-ajax.php request with the meta[title] parameter.
CVE-2020-35582||A stored cross-site scripting (XSS) issue in Envira Gallery Lite before 1.8.3.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary JavaScript/HTML code via a POST /wp-admin/post.php request with the post_title parameter.
CVE-2020-35584||In Solstice Pod before 3.0.3, the web services allow users to connect to them over unencrypted channels via the Browser Look-in feature. An attacker suitably positioned to view a legitimate user's network traffic could record and monitor their interactions with the web services and obtain any information the user supplies, including Administrator passwords and screen keys.
CVE-2020-35585||In Solstice Pod before 3.3.0 (or Open4.3), the screen key can be enumerated using brute-force attacks via the /lookin/info Solstice Open Control API because there are only 1.7 million possibilities.
CVE-2020-35586||In Solstice Pod before 3.3.0 (or Open4.3), the Administrator password can be enumerated using brute-force attacks via the /Config/service/initModel?password= Solstice Open Control API because there is no complexity requirement (e.g., it might be all digits or all lowercase letters).
CVE-2020-35587||** DISPUTED ** In Solstice Pod before 3.0.3, the firmware can easily be decompiled/disassembled. The decompiled/disassembled files contain non-obfuscated code. NOTE: it is unclear whether lack of obfuscation is directly associated with a negative impact, or instead only facilitates an attack technique.
CVE-2020-35588||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn. Further investigation showed that it was not a vulnerability. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35589||The limit-login-attempts-reloaded plugin before 2.17.4 for WordPress allows wp-admin/options-general.php?page=limit-login-attempts&tab= XSS. A malicious user can cause an administrator user to supply dangerous content to the vulnerable page, which is then reflected back to the user and executed by the web browser. The most common mechanism for delivering malicious content is to include it as a parameter in a URL that is posted publicly or e-mailed directly to victims.
CVE-2020-3559||A vulnerability in Cisco Aironet Access Point (AP) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload. The vulnerability is due to improper handling of clients that are trying to connect to the AP. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending authentication requests from multiple clients to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to reload.
CVE-2020-35590||LimitLoginAttempts.php in the limit-login-attempts-reloaded plugin before 2.17.4 for WordPress allows a bypass of (per IP address) rate limits because the X-Forwarded-For header can be forged. When the plugin is configured to accept an arbitrary header for the client source IP address, a malicious user is not limited to perform a brute force attack, because the client IP header accepts any arbitrary string. When randomizing the header input, the login count does not ever reach the maximum allowed retries.
CVE-2020-35591||Pi-hole 5.0, 5.1, and 5.1.1 allows Session Fixation. The application does not generate a new session cookie after the user is logged in. A malicious user is able to create a new session cookie value and inject it to a victim. After the victim logs in, the injected cookie becomes valid, giving the attacker access to the user's account through the active session.
CVE-2020-35592||Pi-hole 5.0, 5.1, and 5.1.1 allows XSS via the Options header to the admin/ URI. A remote user is able to inject arbitrary web script or HTML due to incorrect sanitization of user-supplied data and achieve a Reflected Cross-Site Scripting attack against other users and steal the session cookie.
CVE-2020-35594||Zoho ManageEngine ADManager Plus before 7066 allows XSS.
CVE-2020-35597||Victor CMS 1.0 is vulnerable to SQL injection via c_id parameter of admin_edit_comment.php, p_id parameter of admin_edit_post.php, u_id parameter of admin_edit_user.php, and edit parameter of admin_update_categories.php.
CVE-2020-35598||ACS Advanced Comment System 1.0 is affected by Directory Traversal via an advanced_component_system/index.php?ACS_path=..%2f URI. NOTE: this might be the same as CVE-2009-4623
CVE-2020-3560||A vulnerability in Cisco Aironet Access Points (APs) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper resource management while processing specific packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a series of crafted UDP packets to a specific port on an affected device. A successful exploit could either allow the attacker to tear down the connection between the AP and the wireless LAN controller, resulting in the affected device not being able to process client traffic, or cause the vulnerable device to reload, triggering a DoS condition. After the attack, the affected device should automatically recover its normal functions without manual intervention.
CVE-2020-35604||An XXE attack can occur in Kronos WebTA 5.0.4 when SAML is used.
CVE-2020-35605||The Graphics Protocol feature in graphics.c in kitty before 0.19.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code because a filename containing special characters can be included in an error message.
CVE-2020-35606||Arbitrary command execution can occur in Webmin through 1.962. Any user authorized for the Package Updates module can execute arbitrary commands with root privileges via vectors involving %0A and %0C. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2019-12840.
CVE-2020-35608||A code execution vulnerability exists in the normal worlds signed code execution functionality of Microsoft Azure Sphere 20.07. A specially crafted AF_PACKET socket can cause a process to create an executable memory mapping with controllable content. An attacker can execute a shellcode that uses the PACKET_MMAP functionality to trigger this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35609||A denial-of-service vulnerability exists in the asynchronous ioctl functionality of Microsoft Azure Sphere 20.05. A sequence of specially crafted ioctl calls can cause a denial of service. An attacker can write shellcode to trigger this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3561||A vulnerability in the Clientless SSL VPN (WebVPN) of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to inject arbitrary HTTP headers in the responses of the affected system. The vulnerability is due to improper input sanitization. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to conduct a CRLF injection attack, adding arbitrary HTTP headers in the responses of the system and redirecting the user to arbitrary websites.
CVE-2020-35610||An issue was discovered in Joomla! 2.5.0 through 3.9.22. The autosuggestion feature of com_finder did not respect the access level of the corresponding terms.
CVE-2020-35611||An issue was discovered in Joomla! 2.5.0 through 3.9.22. The globlal configuration page does not remove secrets from the HTML output, disclosing the current values.
CVE-2020-35612||An issue was discovered in Joomla! 2.5.0 through 3.9.22. The folder parameter of mod_random_image lacked input validation, leading to a path traversal vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35613||An issue was discovered in Joomla! 3.0.0 through 3.9.22. Improper filter blacklist configuration leads to a SQL injection vulnerability in the backend user list.
CVE-2020-35614||An issue was discovered in Joomla! 3.9.0 through 3.9.22. Improper handling of the username leads to a user enumeration attack vector in the backend login page.
CVE-2020-35615||An issue was discovered in Joomla! 2.5.0 through 3.9.22. A missing token check in the emailexport feature of com_privacy causes a CSRF vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35616||An issue was discovered in Joomla! 1.7.0 through 3.9.22. Lack of input validation while handling ACL rulesets can cause write ACL violations.
CVE-2020-35617||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35618||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35619||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3562||A vulnerability in the SSL/TLS inspection of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software for Cisco Firepower 2100 Series firewalls could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to improper input validation for certain fields of specific SSL/TLS messages. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a malformed SSL/TLS message through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause the affected device to reload, resulting in a DoS condition. No manual intervention is needed to recover the device after it has reloaded.
CVE-2020-35620||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35621||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-35622||An issue was discovered in the GlobalUsage extension for MediaWiki through 1.35.1. SpecialGlobalUsage.php calls WikiMap::makeForeignLink unsafely. The $page variable within the formatItem function was not being properly escaped, allowing for XSS under certain conditions.
CVE-2020-35623||An issue was discovered in the CasAuth extension for MediaWiki through 1.35.1. Due to improper username validation, it allowed user impersonation with trivial manipulations of certain characters within a given username. An ordinary user may be able to login as a "bureaucrat user" who has a similar username, as demonstrated by usernames that differ only in (1) bidirectional override symbols or (2) blank space.
CVE-2020-35624||An issue was discovered in the SecurePoll extension for MediaWiki through 1.35.1. The non-admin vote list contains a full vote timestamp, which may provide unintended clues about how a voting process unfolded.
CVE-2020-35625||An issue was discovered in the Widgets extension for MediaWiki through 1.35.1. Any user with the ability to edit pages within the Widgets namespace could call any static function within any class (defined within PHP or MediaWiki) via a crafted HTML comment, related to a Smarty template. For example, a person in the Widget Editors group could use \MediaWiki\Shell\Shell::command within a comment.
CVE-2020-35626||An issue was discovered in the PushToWatch extension for MediaWiki through 1.35.1. The primary form did not implement an anti-CSRF token and therefore was completely vulnerable to CSRF attacks against onSkinAddFooterLinks in PushToWatch.php.
CVE-2020-35627||Ultimate WooCommerce Gift Cards 3.0.2 is affected by a file upload vulnerability in the Custom GiftCard Template that can remotely execute arbitrary code. Once it contains the function "Custom Gift Card Template", the function of uploading a custom image is used, changing the name of the image extension to PHP and executing PHP code on the server.
CVE-2020-35628||A code execution vulnerability exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1. An oob read vulnerability exists in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser::read_sloop() slh->incident_sface. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35629||Multiple code execution vulnerabilities exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1. A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger any of these vulnerabilities. An oob read vulnerability exists in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser<EW>::read_sloop() slh->facet().
CVE-2020-3563||A vulnerability in the packet processing functionality of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to inefficient memory management. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a large number of TCP packets to a specific port on an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust system memory, which could cause the device to reload unexpectedly. No manual intervention is needed to recover the device after it has reloaded.
CVE-2020-35630||Multiple code execution vulnerabilities exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1. A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger any of these vulnerabilities. An oob read vulnerability exists in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser<EW>::read_sface() sfh->center_vertex().
CVE-2020-35631||Multiple code execution vulnerabilities exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1. A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger any of these vulnerabilities. An oob read vulnerability exists in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser<EW>::read_sface() SD.link_as_face_cycle().
CVE-2020-35632||Multiple code execution vulnerabilities exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1. A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger any of these vulnerabilities. An oob read vulnerability exists in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser<EW>::read_sface() sfh->boundary_entry_objects Edge_of.
CVE-2020-35633||A code execution vulnerability exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1. An oob read vulnerability exists in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser<EW>::read_sface() store_sm_boundary_item() Edge_of.A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35634||A code execution vulnerability exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1. An oob read vulnerability exists in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser<EW>::read_sface() sfh->boundary_entry_objects Sloop_of. A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35635||A code execution vulnerability exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1 in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser::read_sface() store_sm_boundary_item() Sloop_of OOB read. A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35636||A code execution vulnerability exists in the Nef polygon-parsing functionality of CGAL libcgal CGAL-5.1.1 in Nef_S2/SNC_io_parser.h SNC_io_parser::read_sface() sfh->volume() OOB read. A specially crafted malformed file can lead to an out-of-bounds read and type confusion, which could lead to code execution. An attacker can provide malicious input to trigger this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3564||A vulnerability in the FTP inspection engine of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass FTP inspection. The vulnerability is due to ineffective flow tracking of FTP traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted FTP traffic through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass FTP inspection and successfully complete FTP connections.
CVE-2020-3565||A vulnerability in the TCP Intercept functionality of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass configured Access Control Policies (including Geolocation) and Service Polices on an affected system. The vulnerability exists because TCP Intercept is invoked when the embryonic connection limit is reached, which can cause the underlying detection engine to process the packet incorrectly. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted stream of traffic that matches a policy on which TCP Intercept is configured. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to match on an incorrect policy, which could allow the traffic to be forwarded when it should be dropped. In addition, the traffic could incorrectly be dropped.
CVE-2020-35650||Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Uncanny Groups for LearnDash before v3.7 allow authenticated remote attackers to inject arbitrary JavaScript or HTML via the ulgm_code_redeem POST Parameter in user-code-redemption.php, the ulgm_user_first POST Parameter in user-registration-form.php, the ulgm_user_last POST Parameter in user-registration-form.php, the ulgm_user_email POST Parameter in user-registration-form.php, the ulgm_code_registration POST Parameter in user-registration-form.php, the ulgm_terms_conditions POST Parameter in user-registration-form.php, the _ulgm_total_seats POST Parameter in frontend-uo_groups_buy_courses.php, the uncanny_group_signup_user_first POST Parameter in group-registration-form.php, the uncanny_group_signup_user_last POST Parameter in group-registration-form.php, the uncanny_group_signup_user_login POST Parameter in group-registration-form.php, the uncanny_group_signup_user_email POST Parameter in group-registration-form.php, the success-invited GET Parameter in frontend-uo_groups.php, the bulk-errors GET Parameter in frontend-uo_groups.php, or the message GET Parameter in frontend-uo_groups.php.
CVE-2020-35652||An issue was discovered in res_pjsip_diversion.c in Sangoma Asterisk before 13.38.0, 14.x through 16.x before 16.15.0, 17.x before 17.9.0, and 18.x before 18.1.0. A crash can occur when a SIP message is received with a History-Info header that contains a tel-uri, or when a SIP 181 response is received that contains a tel-uri in the Diversion header.
CVE-2020-35653||In Pillow before 8.1.0, PcxDecode has a buffer over-read when decoding a crafted PCX file because the user-supplied stride value is trusted for buffer calculations.
CVE-2020-35654||In Pillow before 8.1.0, TiffDecode has a heap-based buffer overflow when decoding crafted YCbCr files because of certain interpretation conflicts with LibTIFF in RGBA mode.
CVE-2020-35655||In Pillow before 8.1.0, SGIRleDecode has a 4-byte buffer over-read when decoding crafted SGI RLE image files because offsets and length tables are mishandled.
CVE-2020-35656||Jaws through 1.8.0 allows remote authenticated administrators to execute arbitrary code via crafted use of admin.php?reqGadget=Components&reqAction=InstallGadget&comp=FileBrowser and admin.php?reqGadget=FileBrowser&reqAction=Files to upload a .php file. NOTE: this is unrelated to the JAWS (aka Job Access With Speech) product.
CVE-2020-35657||Jaws through 1.8.0 allows remote authenticated administrators to execute arbitrary code via crafted use of UploadTheme to upload a theme ZIP archive containing a .php file that is able to execute OS commands. NOTE: this is unrelated to the JAWS (aka Job Access With Speech) product.
CVE-2020-35658||SpamTitan before 7.09 allows attackers to tamper with backups, because backups are not encrypted.
CVE-2020-35659||The DNS query log in Pi-hole before 5.2.2 is vulnerable to stored XSS. An attacker with the ability to directly or indirectly query DNS with a malicious hostname can cause arbitrary JavaScript to execute when the Pi-hole administrator visits the Query Log or Long-term data Query Log page.
CVE-2020-3566||A vulnerability in the Distance Vector Multicast Routing Protocol (DVMRP) feature of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to exhaust process memory of an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient queue management for Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted IGMP traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause memory exhaustion, resulting in instability of other processes. These processes may include, but are not limited to, interior and exterior routing protocols. Cisco will release software updates that address this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-35660||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) in Monica before 2.19.1 via the journal page.
CVE-2020-35662||In SaltStack Salt before 3002.5, when authenticating to services using certain modules, the SSL certificate is not always validated.
CVE-2020-35664||An issue was discovered in Acronis Cyber Protect before 15 Update 1 build 26172. There is cross-site scripting (XSS) in the console.
CVE-2020-35665||An unauthenticated command-execution vulnerability exists in TerraMaster TOS through 4.2.06 via shell metacharacters in the Event parameter in include/makecvs.php during CSV creation.
CVE-2020-35666||Steedos Platform through 1.21.24 allows NoSQL injection because the /api/collection/findone implementation in server/packages/steedos_base.js mishandles req.body validation, as demonstrated by MongoDB operator attacks such as an X-User-Id[$ne]=1 value.
CVE-2020-35667||JetBrains TeamCity Plugin before 2020.2.85695 SSRF. Vulnerability that could potentially expose user credentials.
CVE-2020-35668||RedisGraph 2.x through 2.2.11 has a NULL Pointer Dereference that leads to a server crash because it mishandles an unquoted string, such as an alias that has not yet been introduced.
CVE-2020-35669||An issue was discovered in the http package through 0.12.2 for Dart. If the attacker controls the HTTP method and the app is using Request directly, it's possible to achieve CRLF injection in an HTTP request.
CVE-2020-3567||A vulnerability in the management REST API of Cisco Industrial Network Director (IND) could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to cause the CPU utilization to increase to 100 percent, resulting in a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of requests sent to the REST API. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to the REST API. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a permanent DoS condition that is due to high CPU utilization. Manual intervention may be required to recover the Cisco IND.
CVE-2020-35674||BigProf Online Invoicing System before 2.9 suffers from an unauthenticated SQL Injection found in /membership_passwordReset.php (the endpoint that is responsible for issuing self-service password resets). An unauthenticated attacker is able to send a request containing a crafted payload that can result in sensitive information being extracted from the database, eventually leading into an application takeover. This vulnerability was introduced as a result of the developer trying to roll their own sanitization implementation in order to allow the application to be used in legacy environments.
CVE-2020-35675||BigProf Online Invoicing System before 3.0 offers a functionality that allows an administrator to move the records of members across groups. The applicable endpoint (admin/pageTransferOwnership.php) lacks CSRF protection, resulting in an attacker being able to escalate their privileges to Administrator and effectively taking over the application.
CVE-2020-35676||BigProf Online Invoicing System before 3.1 fails to correctly sanitize an XSS payload when a user registers using the self-registration functionality. As such, an attacker can input a crafted payload that will execute upon the application's administrator browsing the registered users' list. Once the arbitrary Javascript is executed in the context of the admin, this will cause the attacker to gain administrative privileges, effectively leading into an application takeover. This affects app/membership_signup.php and app/admin/pageViewMembers.php.
CVE-2020-35677||BigProf Online Invoicing System before 4.0 fails to adequately sanitize fields for HTML characters upon an administrator using admin/pageEditGroup.php to create a new group, resulting in Stored XSS. The caveat here is that an attacker would need administrative privileges in order to create the payload. One might think this completely mitigates the privilege-escalation impact as there is only one high-privileged role. However, it was discovered that the endpoint responsible for creating the group lacks CSRF protection.
CVE-2020-35678||Autobahn|Python before 20.12.3 allows redirect header injection.
CVE-2020-35679||smtpd/table.c in OpenSMTPD before 6.8.0p1 lacks a certain regfree, which might allow attackers to trigger a "very significant" memory leak via messages to an instance that performs many regex lookups.
CVE-2020-3568||A vulnerability in the antispam protection mechanisms of Cisco AsyncOS Software for Cisco Email Security Appliance (ESA) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass the URL reputation filters on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of URLs. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by crafting a URL in a particular way. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to bypass the URL reputation filters that are configured for the affected device, which could allow malicious URLs to pass through the device.
CVE-2020-35680||smtpd/lka_filter.c in OpenSMTPD before 6.8.0p1, in certain configurations, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via a crafted pattern of client activity, because the filter state machine does not properly maintain the I/O channel between the SMTP engine and the filters layer.
CVE-2020-35681||Django Channels 3.x before 3.0.3 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information from a different request scope. The legacy channels.http.AsgiHandler class, used for handling HTTP type requests in an ASGI environment prior to Django 3.0, did not correctly separate request scopes in Channels 3.0. In many cases this would result in a crash but, with correct timing, responses could be sent to the wrong client, resulting in potential leakage of session identifiers and other sensitive data. Note that this affects only the legacy Channels provided class, and not Django's similar ASGIHandler, available from Django 3.0.
CVE-2020-35682||Zoho ManageEngine ServiceDesk Plus before 11134 allows an Authentication Bypass (only during SAML login).
CVE-2020-35683||An issue was discovered in HCC Nichestack 3.0. The code that parses ICMP packets relies on an unchecked value of the IP payload size (extracted from the IP header) to compute the ICMP checksum. When the IP payload size is set to be smaller than the size of the IP header, the ICMP checksum computation function may read out of bounds, causing a Denial-of-Service.
CVE-2020-35684||An issue was discovered in HCC Nichestack 3.0. The code that parses TCP packets relies on an unchecked value of the IP payload size (extracted from the IP header) to compute the length of the TCP payload within the TCP checksum computation function. When the IP payload size is set to be smaller than the size of the IP header, the TCP checksum computation function may read out of bounds (a low-impact write-out-of-bounds is also possible).
CVE-2020-35685||An issue was discovered in HCC Nichestack 3.0. The code that generates Initial Sequence Numbers (ISNs) for TCP connections derives the ISN from an insufficiently random source. As a result, an attacker may be able to determine the ISN of current and future TCP connections and either hijack existing ones or spoof future ones. (Proper ISN generation should aim to follow at least the specifications outlined in RFC 6528.)
CVE-2020-35686||The SECOMN service in Sound Research DCHU model software component modules (APO) through 2.0.9.17, delivered on HP Windows 10 computers, may allow escalation of privilege via a fake DLL. (As a resolution, Windows Update is being submitted for all affected products to update to 2.0.9.18 or later.)
CVE-2020-35687||PHPFusion version 9.03.90 is vulnerable to CSRF attack which leads to deletion of all shoutbox messages by the attacker on behalf of the logged in victim.
CVE-2020-3569||Multiple vulnerabilities in the Distance Vector Multicast Routing Protocol (DVMRP) feature of Cisco IOS XR Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to either immediately crash the Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) process or make it consume available memory and eventually crash. The memory consumption may negatively impact other processes that are running on the device. These vulnerabilities are due to the incorrect handling of IGMP packets. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending crafted IGMP traffic to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to immediately crash the IGMP process or cause memory exhaustion, resulting in other processes becoming unstable. These processes may include, but are not limited to, interior and exterior routing protocols. Cisco will release software updates that address these vulnerabilities.
CVE-2020-35693||On some Samsung phones and tablets running Android through 7.1.1, it is possible for an attacker-controlled Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) device to pair silently with a vulnerable target device, without any user interaction, when the target device's Bluetooth is on, and it is running an app that offers a connectable BLE advertisement. An example of such an app could be a Bluetooth-based contact tracing app, such as Australia's COVIDSafe app, Singapore's TraceTogether app, or France's TousAntiCovid (formerly StopCovid). As part of the pairing process, two pieces (among others) of personally identifiable information are exchanged: the Identity Address of the Bluetooth adapter of the target device, and its associated Identity Resolving Key (IRK). Either one of these identifiers can be used to perform re-identification of the target device for long term tracking. The list of affected devices includes (but is not limited to): Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy A3, Tab A (2017), J2 Pro (2018), Galaxy Note 4, and Galaxy S5.
CVE-2020-35700||A second-order SQL injection issue in Widgets/TopDevicesController.php (aka the Top Devices dashboard widget) of LibreNMS before 21.1.0 allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the sort_order parameter against the /ajax/form/widget-settings endpoint.
CVE-2020-35701||An issue was discovered in Cacti 1.2.x through 1.2.16. A SQL injection vulnerability in data_debug.php allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the site_id parameter. This can lead to remote code execution.
CVE-2020-35702||** DISPUTED ** DCTStream::getChars in DCTStream.cc in Poppler 20.12.1 has a heap-based buffer overflow via a crafted PDF document. NOTE: later reports indicate that this only affects builds from Poppler git clones in late December 2020, not the 20.12.1 release. In this situation, it should NOT be considered a Poppler vulnerability. However, several third-party Open Source projects directly rely on Poppler git clones made at arbitrary times, and therefore the CVE remains useful to users of those projects.
CVE-2020-35704||Daybyday 2.1.0 allows stored XSS via the Title parameter to the New Lead screen.
CVE-2020-35705||Daybyday 2.1.0 allows stored XSS via the Name parameter to the New User screen.
CVE-2020-35706||Daybyday 2.1.0 allows stored XSS via the Title parameter to the New Project screen.
CVE-2020-35707||Daybyday 2.1.0 allows stored XSS via the Company Name parameter to the New Client screen.
CVE-2020-35708||phpList 3.5.9 allows SQL injection by admins who provide a crafted fourth line of a file to the "Config - Import Administrators" page.
CVE-2020-35709||bloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 allows admins to upload arbitrary .php files (with "Content-Type: application/octet-stream") to ../media/images/ via the admin/index.php?mode=tools&page=upload URI, aka directory traversal.
CVE-2020-3571||A vulnerability in the ICMP ingress packet processing of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software for Cisco Firepower 4110 appliances could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incomplete input validation upon receiving ICMP packets. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high number of crafted ICMP or ICMPv6 packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to cause a memory exhaustion condition that may result in an unexpected reload. No manual intervention is needed to recover the device after the reload.
CVE-2020-35710||Parallels Remote Application Server (RAS) 18 allows remote attackers to discover an intranet IP address because submission of the login form (even with blank credentials) provides this address to the attacker's client for use as a "host" value. In other words, after an attacker's web browser sent a request to the login form, it would automatically send a second request to a RASHTML5Gateway/socket.io URI with something like "host":"192.168.###.###" in the POST data.
CVE-2020-35711||An issue has been discovered in the arc-swap crate before 0.4.8 (and 1.x before 1.1.0) for Rust. Use of arc_swap::access::Map with the Constant test helper (or with a user-supplied implementation of the Access trait) could sometimes lead to dangling references being returned by the map.
CVE-2020-35712||Esri ArcGIS Server before 10.8 is vulnerable to SSRF in some configurations.
CVE-2020-35713||Belkin LINKSYS RE6500 devices before 1.0.012.001 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands or set a new password via shell metacharacters to the goform/setSysAdm page.
CVE-2020-35714||Belkin LINKSYS RE6500 devices before 1.0.11.001 allow remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via goform/systemCommand?command= in conjunction with the goform/pingstart program.
CVE-2020-35715||Belkin LINKSYS RE6500 devices before 1.0.012.001 allow remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a filename to the upload_settings.cgi page.
CVE-2020-35716||Belkin LINKSYS RE6500 devices before 1.0.012.001 allow remote attackers to cause a persistent denial of service (segmentation fault) via a long /goform/langSwitch langSelectionOnly parameter.
CVE-2020-35717||zonote through 0.4.0 allows XSS via a crafted note, with resultant Remote Code Execution (because nodeIntegration in webPreferences is true).
CVE-2020-35719||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the /WebCM/Applications/Search/index.jsp file via the added parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-3572||A vulnerability in the SSL/TLS session handler of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to a memory leak when closing SSL/TLS connections in a specific state. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by establishing several SSL/TLS sessions and ensuring they are closed under certain conditions. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust memory resources in the affected device, which would prevent it from processing new SSL/TLS connections, resulting in a DoS. Manual intervention is required to recover an affected device.
CVE-2020-35720||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Stored XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to store malicious code in multiple fields (first name, last name, and logon name) when creating or modifying a user via the submitUser.jsp file. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35721||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the BrowseAssets.do file via the title parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35722||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** CSRF in Web Compliance Manager in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to force user modification/creation via a specially crafted link to the submitUser.jsp file. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35723||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the ReportPreview.do file via the referer parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35724||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the Error.jsp file via the err parameter (or indirectly via the cpr, tcp, or abs parameter). NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35725||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the /WebCM/index.jsp file via the msg parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35726||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the /WebCM/Applications/Reports/index.jsp file via the by parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35727||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Reflected XSS in Quest Policy Authority 8.1.2.200 allows remote attackers to inject malicious code into the browser via a specially crafted link to the BrowseDirs.do file via the title parameter. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35728||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to com.oracle.wls.shaded.org.apache.xalan.lib.sql.JNDIConnectionPool (aka embedded Xalan in org.glassfish.web/javax.servlet.jsp.jstl).
CVE-2020-35729||KLog Server 2.4.1 allows OS command injection via shell metacharacters in the actions/authenticate.php user parameter.
CVE-2020-3573||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Windows and Cisco Webex Player for Windows could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected system. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of certain elements of a Webex recording that is stored in the Advanced Recording Format (ARF) or Webex Recording Format (WRF). An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a user a malicious ARF or WRF file through a link or email attachment and persuading the user to open the file with the affected software on the local system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of the targeted user.
CVE-2020-35730||An XSS issue was discovered in Roundcube Webmail before 1.2.13, 1.3.x before 1.3.16, and 1.4.x before 1.4.10. The attacker can send a plain text e-mail message, with JavaScript in a link reference element that is mishandled by linkref_addindex in rcube_string_replacer.php.
CVE-2020-35733||An issue was discovered in Erlang/OTP before 23.2.2. The ssl application 10.2 accepts and trusts an invalid X.509 certificate chain to a trusted root Certification Authority.
CVE-2020-35734||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Sruu.pl in Batflat 1.3.6 allows an authenticated user to perform code injection (and consequently Remote Code Execution) via the input fields of the Users tab. To exploit this, one must login to the administration panel and edit an arbitrary user's data (username, displayed name, etc.). NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-35735||Vidyo 02-09-/D allows clickjacking via the portal/ URI.
CVE-2020-35736||GateOne 1.1 allows arbitrary file download without authentication via /downloads/.. directory traversal because os.path.join is misused.
CVE-2020-35737||In Correspondence Management System (corms) in Newgen eGov 12.0, an attacker can modify other users' profile information by manipulating the unvalidated UserIndex parameter, aka Insecure Direct Object Reference.
CVE-2020-35738||WavPack 5.3.0 has an out-of-bounds write in WavpackPackSamples in pack_utils.c because of an integer overflow in a malloc argument. NOTE: some third-parties claim that there are later "unofficial" releases through 5.3.2, which are also affected.
CVE-2020-3574||A vulnerability in the TCP packet processing functionality of Cisco IP Phones could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause the phone to stop responding to incoming calls, drop connected calls, or unexpectedly reload. The vulnerability is due to insufficient TCP ingress packet rate limiting. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a high and sustained rate of crafted TCP traffic to the targeted device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to impact operations of the phone or cause the phone to reload, leading to a denial of service (DoS) condition.
CVE-2020-35740||HGiga MailSherlock does not validate specific URL parameters properly that allows attackers to inject JavaScript syntax for XSS attacks.
CVE-2020-35741||HGiga MailSherlock does not validate user parameters on multiple login pages. Attackers can use the vulnerability to inject JavaScript syntax for XSS attacks.
CVE-2020-35742||HGiga MailSherlock contains a vulnerability of SQL Injection. Attackers can inject and launch SQL commands in a URL parameter.
CVE-2020-35743||HGiga MailSherlock contains a SQL injection flaw. Attackers can inject and launch SQL commands in a URL parameter of specific cgi pages.
CVE-2020-35745||PHPGURUKUL Hospital Management System V 4.0 does not properly restrict access to admin/dashboard.php, which allows attackers to access all data of users, doctors, patients, change admin password, get appointment history and access all session logs.
CVE-2020-35748||Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in models/list-table.php in the FV Flowplayer Video Player plugin before 7.4.37.727 for WordPress allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the fv_wp_fvvideoplayer_src JSON field in the data parameter.
CVE-2020-35749||Directory traversal vulnerability in class-simple_job_board_resume_download_handler.php in the Simple Board Job plugin 2.9.3 and earlier for WordPress allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the sjb_file parameter to wp-admin/post.php.
CVE-2020-35752||Baby Care System 1.0 is affected by a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Edit Page tab through the Post title parameter.
CVE-2020-35753||The job posting recommendation form in Persis Human Resource Management Portal (Versions 17.2.00 through 17.2.35 and 19.0.00 through 19.0.20), when the "Recommend job posting" function is enabled, allows XSS via the SENDER parameter.
CVE-2020-35754||OpenSolution Quick.CMS < 6.7 and Quick.Cart < 6.7 allow an authenticated user to perform code injection (and consequently Remote Code Execution) via the input fields of the Language tab.
CVE-2020-35755||An issue was discovered on Libre Wireless LS9 LS1.5/p7040 devices. There is a luci_service Read_ NVRAM Direct Access Information Leak. The luci_service deamon running on port 7777 provides a sub-category of commands for which Read_ is prepended. Commands in this category are able to directly read the contents of the device configuration NVRAM. The NVRAM contains sensitive information, such as the Wi-Fi password (in cleartext), as well as connected account tokens for services such as Spotify.
CVE-2020-35756||An issue was discovered on Libre Wireless LS9 LS1.5/p7040 devices. There is a luci_service GETPASS Configuration Password Information Leak. The luci_service daemon running on port 7777 does not require authentication to return the device configuration password in cleartext when using the GETPASS command. As such, any unauthenticated person with access to port 7777 on the device will be able to leak the user's personal device configuration password by issuing the GETPASS command.
CVE-2020-35757||An issue was discovered on Libre Wireless LS9 LS1.5/p7040 devices. There is Unauthenticated Root ADB Access Over TCP. The LS9 web interface provides functionality to access ADB over TCP. This is not enabled by default, but can be enabled by sending a crafted request to a web management interface endpoint. Requests made to this endpoint do not require authentication. As such, any unauthenticated user who is able to access the web interface will be able to gain root privileges on the LS9 module.
CVE-2020-35758||An issue was discovered on Libre Wireless LS9 LS1.5/p7040 devices. There is a Authentication Bypass in the Web Interface. This interface does not properly restrict access to internal functionality. Despite presenting a password login page on first access, authentication is not required to access privileged functionality. As such, it's possible to directly access APIs that should not be exposed to an unauthenticated user.
CVE-2020-35759||bloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 is infected with a CSRF Attack that leads to an attacker editing any file content (Locally/Remotely).
CVE-2020-35760||bloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 is infected with Unrestricted File Upload that allows attackers to upload malicious files (ex: php files).
CVE-2020-35761||bloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 is infected with XSS that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JS/HTML Code.
CVE-2020-35762||bloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 is infected with Path traversal in the 'fileurl' parameter that allows attackers to read local files.
CVE-2020-35765||doFilter in com.adventnet.appmanager.filter.UriCollector in Zoho ManageEngine Applications Manager through 14930 allows an authenticated SQL Injection via the resourceid parameter to showresource.do.
CVE-2020-35766||The test suite in libopendkim in OpenDKIM through 2.10.3 allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack against the /tmp/testkeys file (related to t-testdata.h, t-setup.c, and t-cleanup.c). NOTE: this is applicable to persons who choose to engage in the "A number of self-test programs are included here for unit-testing the library" situation.
CVE-2020-35769||miniserv.pl in Webmin 1.962 on Windows mishandles special characters in query arguments to the CGI program.
CVE-2020-3577||A vulnerability in the ingress packet processing path of Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software for interfaces that are configured either as Inline Pair or in Passive mode could allow an unauthenticated, adjacent attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation when Ethernet frames are processed. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious Ethernet frames through an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker do either of the following: Fill the /ngfw partition on the device: A full /ngfw partition could result in administrators being unable to log in to the device (including logging in through the console port) or the device being unable to boot up correctly. Note: Manual intervention is required to recover from this situation. Customers are advised to contact the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC) to help recover a device in this condition. Cause a process crash: The process crash would cause the device to reload. No manual intervention is necessary to recover the device after the reload.
CVE-2020-35773||The site-offline plugin before 1.4.4 for WordPress lacks certain wp_create_nonce and wp_verify_nonce calls, aka CSRF.
CVE-2020-35774||server/handler/HistogramQueryHandler.scala in Twitter TwitterServer (aka twitter-server) before 20.12.0, in some configurations, allows XSS via the /histograms endpoint.
CVE-2020-35775||CITSmart before 9.1.2.23 allows LDAP Injection.
CVE-2020-35776||A buffer overflow in res_pjsip_diversion.c in Sangoma Asterisk versions 13.38.1, 16.15.1, 17.9.1, and 18.1.1 allows remote attacker to crash Asterisk by deliberately misusing SIP 181 responses.
CVE-2020-35777||NETGEAR DGN2200v1 devices before v1.0.0.58 are affected by command injection.
CVE-2020-35778||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by CSRF. This affects GS716Tv3 before 6.3.1.36 and GS724Tv4 before 6.3.1.36.
CVE-2020-35779||NETGEAR NMS300 devices before 1.6.0.27 are affected by denial of service.
CVE-2020-3578||A vulnerability in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to bypass a configured access rule and access parts of the WebVPN portal that are supposed to be blocked. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of URLs when portal access rules are configured. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing certain URLs on the affected device.
CVE-2020-35780||NETGEAR NMS300 devices before 1.6.0.27 are affected by denial of service.
CVE-2020-35781||NETGEAR NMS300 devices before 1.6.0.27 are affected by denial of service.
CVE-2020-35782||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by lack of access control at the function level. This affects JGS516PE before 2.6.0.48, JGS524Ev2 before 2.6.0.48, JGS524PE before 2.6.0.48, and GS116Ev2 before 2.6.0.48. The TFTP firmware update mechanism does not properly implement firmware validations, allowing remote attackers to write arbitrary data to internal memory.
CVE-2020-35783||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by lack of access control at the function level. This affects JGS516PE before 2.6.0.48, GS116Ev2 before 2.6.0.48, JGS524Ev2 before 2.6.0.48, and JGS524PE before 2.6.0.48. The NSDP protocol version allows unauthenticated remote attackers to obtain all the switch configuration parameters by sending the corresponding read requests.
CVE-2020-35784||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by lack of access control at the function level. This affects JGS516PE before 2.6.0.48, JGS524PE before 2.6.0.48, JGS524Ev2 before 2.6.0.48, and GS116Ev2 before 2.6.0.48.
CVE-2020-35785||NETGEAR DGN2200v1 devices before v1.0.0.60 mishandle HTTPd authentication (aka PSV-2020-0363, PSV-2020-0364, and PSV-2020-0365).
CVE-2020-35786||NETGEAR R7800 devices before 1.0.2.74 are affected by a buffer overflow by an authenticated user.
CVE-2020-35787||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by a buffer overflow by an authenticated user. This affects D3600 before 1.0.0.76, D6000 before 1.0.0.76, D6200 before 1.1.00.36, D7000 before 1.0.1.70, EX6200v2 before 1.0.1.78, EX7000 before 1.0.1.78, EX8000 before 1.0.1.186, JR6150 before 1.0.1.18, PR2000 before 1.0.0.28, R6020 before 1.0.0.42, R6050 before 1.0.1.18, R6080 before 1.0.0.42, R6120 before 1.0.0.46, R6220 before 1.1.0.80, R6260 before 1.1.0.64, R6300v2 before 1.0.4.34, R6700 before 1.0.2.6, R6700v2 before 1.2.0.36, R6800 before 1.2.0.36, R6900 before 1.0.2.4, R6900P before 1.3.1.64, R6900v2 before 1.2.0.36, R7000 before 1.0.9.42, R7000P before 1.3.1.64, R7800 before 1.0.2.60, R8900 before 1.0.4.12, R9000 before 1.0.4.12, and XR500 before 2.3.2.40.
CVE-2020-35788||NETGEAR WAC104 devices before 1.0.4.13 are affected by a buffer overflow by an authenticated user.
CVE-2020-35789||NETGEAR NMS300 devices before 1.6.0.27 are affected by command injection by an authenticated user.
CVE-2020-3579||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35790||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by command injection by an authenticated user. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.26, and R9000 before 1.0.4.26.
CVE-2020-35791||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by command injection by an authenticated user. This affects R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.5.2, and R9000 before 1.0.5.2.
CVE-2020-35792||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by command injection by an authenticated user. This affects R7500v2 before 1.0.3.48, R8900 before 1.0.5.2, R9000 before 1.0.5.2, and R7800 before 1.0.2.68.
CVE-2020-35793||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by command injection by an authenticated user. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.58, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.5.2, and R9000 before 1.0.5.2.
CVE-2020-35794||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by command injection by an authenticated user. This affects RBS40V before 2.6.1.4, RBK752 before 3.2.15.25, RBR750 before 3.2.15.25, RBS750 before 3.2.15.25, RBK852 before 3.2.15.25, RBR850 before 3.2.15.25, and RBS850 before 3.2.15.25.
CVE-2020-35795||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by a buffer overflow by an unauthenticated attacker. This affects AC2100 before 1.2.0.72, AC2400 before 1.2.0.72, AC2600 before 1.2.0.72, CBK40 before 2.5.0.10, CBR40 before 2.5.0.10, D7800 before 1.0.1.58, EAX20 before 1.0.0.36, EAX80 before 1.0.1.62, EX7500 before 1.0.0.68, MK62 before 1.0.5.102, MR60 before 1.0.5.102, MS60 before 1.0.5.102, R6120 before 1.0.0.70, R6220 before 1.1.0.100, R6230 before 1.1.0.100, R6260 before 1.1.0.76, R6330 before 1.1.0.76, R6350 before 1.1.0.76, R6400 before 1.0.1.62, R6400v2 before 1.0.4.98, R6700 before 1.0.2.16, R6700v2 before 1.2.0.72, R6700v3 before 1.0.4.98, R6800 before 1.2.0.72, R6850 before 1.1.0.76, R6900P before 1.3.2.124, R6900 before 1.0.2.16, R6900v2 before 1.2.0.72, R7000 before 1.0.11.106, R7000P before 1.3.2.124, R7200 before 1.2.0.72, R7350 before 1.2.0.72, R7400 before 1.2.0.72, R7450 before 1.2.0.72, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R7850 before 1.0.5.60, R7900 before 1.0.4.26, R7900P before 1.4.1.62, R7960P before 1.4.1.62, R8000 before 1.0.4.58, R8000P before 1.4.1.62, R8900 before 1.0.5.24, R9000 before 1.0.5.24, RAX120 before 1.0.1.136, RAX15 before 1.0.1.64, RAX20 before 1.0.1.64, RAX200 before 1.0.2.102, RAX45 before 1.0.2.64, RAX50 before 1.0.2.64, RAX75 before 1.0.3.102, RAX80 before 1.0.3.102, RBK12 before 2.6.1.44, RBR10 before 2.6.1.44, RBS10 before 2.6.1.44, RBK20 before 2.6.1.38, RBR20 before 2.6.1.36, RBS20 before 2.6.1.38, RBK40 before 2.6.1.38, RBR40 before 2.6.1.36, RBS40 before 2.6.1.38, RBK50 before 2.6.1.40, RBR50 before 2.6.1.40, RBS50 before 2.6.1.40, RBK752 before 3.2.16.6, RBR750 before 3.2.16.6, RBS750 before 3.2.16.6, RBK752 before 3.2.16.6, RBR750 before 3.2.16.6, RBS750 before 3.2.16.6, RBK842 before 3.2.16.6, RBR840 before 3.2.16.6, RBS840 before 3.2.16.6, RBK852 before 3.2.16.6, RBR850 before 3.2.16.6, RBS850 before 3.2.16.6, RS400 before 1.5.0.48, XR300 before 1.0.3.50, XR450 before 2.3.2.66, XR500 before 2.3.2.66, and XR700 before 1.0.1.34.
CVE-2020-35796||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by a buffer overflow by an unauthenticated attacker. This affects CBR40 before 2.5.0.10, D6220 before 1.0.0.60, D6400 before 1.0.0.94, D7000v2 before 1.0.0.62, D8500 before 1.0.3.50, DC112A before 1.0.0.48, DGN2200v4 before 1.0.0.114, EAX20 before 1.0.0.36, EAX80 before 1.0.1.62, EX3700 before 1.0.0.84, EX3800 before 1.0.0.84, EX3920 before 1.0.0.84, EX6000 before 1.0.0.44, EX6100 before 1.0.2.28, EX6120 before 1.0.0.54, EX6130 before 1.0.0.36, EX6150 before 1.0.0.46, EX6200 before 1.0.3.94, EX6920 before 1.0.0.54, EX7000 before 1.0.1.90, EX7500 before 1.0.0.68, MK62 before 1.0.5.102, MR60 before 1.0.5.102, MS60 before 1.0.5.102, R6250 before 1.0.4.42, R6300v2 before 1.0.4.42, R6400 before 1.0.1.62, R6400v2 before 1.0.4.98, R6700v3 before 1.0.4.98, R6700 before 1.0.2.16, R6900P before 1.3.2.124, R6900 before 1.0.2.16, R7000 before 1.0.11.106, R7000P before 1.3.2.124, R7100LG before 1.0.0.56, R7850 before 1.0.5.60, R7900 before 1.0.4.26, R7900P before 1.4.1.62, R7960P before 1.4.1.62, R8000 before 1.0.4.58, R8000P before 1.4.1.62, R8300 before 1.0.2.134, R8500 before 1.0.2.134, RAX15 before 1.0.1.64, RAX20 before 1.0.1.64, RAX200 before 1.0.2.102, RAX45 before 1.0.2.32, RAX50 before 1.0.2.32, RAX75 before 1.0.3.102, RAX80 before 1.0.3.102, RBK752 before 3.2.16.6, RBR750 before 3.2.16.6, RBS750 before 3.2.16.6, RBK842 before 3.2.16.6, RBR840 before 3.2.16.6, RBS840 before 3.2.16.6, RBK852 before 3.2.16.6, RBR850 before 3.2.16.6, RBS850 before 3.2.16.6, RBS40V-200 before 1.0.0.46, RBW30 before 2.5.0.4, RS400 before 1.5.0.48, WN2500RPv2 before 1.0.1.56, WN3500RP before 1.0.0.28, WNDR3400v3 before 1.0.1.32, WNR1000v3 before 1.0.2.78, WNR2000v2 before 1.2.0.12, WNR3500Lv2 before 1.2.0.62, and XR300 before 1.0.3.50.
CVE-2020-35797||NETGEAR NMS300 devices before 1.6.0.27 are affected by command injection by an unauthenticated attacker.
CVE-2020-35798||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by command injection by an unauthenticated attacker. This affects R6400v2 before 1.0.4.84, R6700v3 before 1.0.4.84, R6900P before 1.3.2.124, R7000 before 1.0.11.100, R7000P before 1.3.2.124, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R7850 before 1.0.5.60, R7900 before 1.0.4.26, R7960P before 1.4.1.50, R8000 before 1.0.4.52, R7900P before 1.4.1.50, R8000P before 1.4.1.50, RAX15 before 1.0.1.64, RAX20 before 1.0.1.64, RAX200 before 1.0.1.12, RAX45 before 1.0.2.66, RAX50 before 1.0.2.66, RAX75 before 1.0.3.102, RAX80 before 1.0.3.102, RBK752 before 3.2.16.6, RBR750 before 3.2.16.6, RBS750 before 3.2.16.6, RBK852 before 3.2.15.25, RBR850 before 3.2.15.25, RBS850 before 3.2.15.25, RBK842 before 3.2.15.25, RBR840 before 3.2.15.25, RBS840 before 3.2.15.25, RS400 before 1.5.0.48, and XR300 before 1.0.3.50.
CVE-2020-35799||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by a stack-based buffer overflow by an unauthenticated attacker. This affects D3600 before 1.0.0.76, D6000 before 1.0.0.78, D6200 before 1.1.00.32, D7000 before 1.0.1.68, D7800 before 1.0.1.56, DM200 before 1.0.0.61, EX2700 before 1.0.1.52, EX6100v2 before 1.0.1.76, EX6150v2 before 1.0.1.76, EX6200v2 before 1.0.1.74, EX6400 before 1.0.2.140, EX7300 before 1.0.2.140, EX8000 before 1.0.1.186, JR6150 before 1.0.1.18, PR2000 before 1.0.0.28, R6020 before 1.0.0.38, R6050 before 1.0.1.18, R6080 before 1.0.0.38, R6120 before 1.0.0.46, R6220 before 1.1.0.80, R6230 before 1.1.0.80, R6260 before 1.1.0.40, R6700v2 before 1.2.0.36, R6800 before 1.2.0.36, R6900v2 before 1.2.0.36, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.40, R7800 before 1.0.2.62, R8900 before 1.0.4.12, R9000 before 1.0.4.12, RBK20 before 2.3.0.28, RBR20 before 2.3.0.28, RBS20 before 2.3.0.28, RBK40 before 2.3.0.28, RBR40 before 2.3.0.28, RBS40 before 2.3.0.28, RBK50 before 2.3.0.32, RBR50 before 2.3.0.32, RBS50 before 2.3.0.32, WN2000RPTv3 before 1.0.1.34, WN3000RPv2 before 1.0.0.78, WN3000RPv2 before 1.0.0.78, WN3000RPv3 before 1.0.2.78, WN3100RPv2 before 1.0.0.66, WNR2000v5 before 1.0.0.70, WNR2020 before 1.1.0.62, XR450 before 2.3.2.32, and XR500 before 2.3.2.32.
CVE-2020-3580||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks against a user of the web services interface of an affected device. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web services interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive, browser-based information. Note: These vulnerabilities affect only specific AnyConnect and WebVPN configurations. For more information, see the Vulnerable Products section.
CVE-2020-35800||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by incorrect configuration of security settings. This affects AC2100 before 1.2.0.72, AC2400 before 1.2.0.72, AC2600 before 1.2.0.72, CBK40 before 2.5.0.10, CBR40 before 2.5.0.10, D6000 before 1.0.0.80, D6220 before 1.0.0.60, D6400 before 1.0.0.94, D7000v2 before 1.0.0.62, D7800 before 1.0.3.48, D8500 before 1.0.3.50, DC112A before 1.0.0.48, DGN2200v4 before 1.0.0.114, DM200 before 1.0.0.66, EAX20 before 1.0.0.36, EAX80 before 1.0.1.62, EX2700 before 1.0.1.58, EX3110 before 1.0.1.68, EX3700 before 1.0.0.84, EX3800 before 1.0.0.84, EX3920 before 1.0.0.84, EX6000 before 1.0.0.44, EX6100v2 before 1.0.1.94, EX6110 before 1.0.1.68, EX6120 before 1.0.0.54, EX6130 before 1.0.0.36, EX6150v1 before 1.0.0.46, EX6150v2 before 1.0.1.94, EX6200v1 before 1.0.3.94, EX6250 before 1.0.0.128, EX6400 before 1.0.2.152, EX6400v2 before 1.0.0.128, EX6410 before 1.0.0.128, EX6920 before 1.0.0.54, EX7000 before 1.0.1.90, EX7300 before 1.0.2.152, EX7300v2 before 1.0.0.128, EX7320 before 1.0.0.128, EX7500 before 1.0.0.68, EX7700 before 1.0.0.210, EX8000 before 1.0.1.224, MK62 before 1.0.5.102, MR60 before 1.0.5.102, MS60 before 1.0.5.102, R6120 before 1.0.0.70, R6220 before 1.1.0.100, R6230 before 1.1.0.100, R6250 before 1.0.4.42, R6260 before 1.1.0.76, R6300v2 before 1.0.4.42, R6330 before 1.1.0.76, R6350 before 1.1.0.76, R6400v1 before 1.0.1.62, R6400v2 before 1.0.4.98, R6700v1 before 1.0.2.16, R6700v2 before 1.2.0.72, R6700v3 before 1.0.4.98, R6800 before 1.2.0.72, R6800 before 1.2.0.72, R6850 before 1.1.0.76, R6900 before 1.0.2.16, R6900P before 1.3.2.124, R6900v2 before 1.2.0.72, R7000 before 1.0.11.106, R7000P before 1.3.2.124, R7100LG before 1.0.0.56, R7200 before 1.2.0.72, R7350 before 1.2.0.72, R7400 before 1.2.0.72, R7450 before 1.2.0.72, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.48, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R7850 before 1.0.5.60, R7900 before 1.0.4.26, R7900P before 1.4.1.62, R7960P before 1.4.1.62, R8000 before 1.0.4.58, R8000P before 1.4.1.62, R8300 before 1.0.2.134, R8500 before 1.0.2.134, R8900 before 1.0.5.24, R9000 before 1.0.5.24, RAX120 before 1.0.1.136, RAX15 before 1.0.1.64, RAX20 before 1.0.1.64, RAX200 before 1.0.5.24, RAX35 before 1.0.3.80, RAX40 before 1.0.3.80, RAX45 before 1.0.2.64, RAX50 before 1.0.2.64, RAX75 before 1.0.3.102, RAX80 before 1.0.3.102, RBK12 before 2.6.1.44, RBR10 before 2.6.1.44, RBS10 before 2.6.1.44, RBK20 before 2.6.1.38, RBR20 before 2.6.1.36, RBS20 before 2.6.1.38, RBK40 before 2.6.1.38, RBR40 before 2.6.1.38, RBS40 before 2.6.1.38, RBK50 before 2.6.1.40, RBR50 before 2.6.1.40, RBS50 before 2.6.1.40, RBK752 before 3.2.16.6, RBR750 before 3.2.16.6, RBS750 before 3.2.16.6, RBK842 before 3.2.16.6, RBR840 before 3.2.16.6, RBS840 before 3.2.16.6, RBK852 before 3.2.16.6, RBR850 before 3.2.16.6, RBS850 before 3.2.16.6, RBS40V before 2.5.1.6, RBS40V-200 before 1.0.0.46, RBS50Y before 2.6.1.40, RBW30 before 2.5.0.4, RS400 before 1.5.0.48, WN2500RPv2 before 1.0.1.56, WN3000RPv3 before 1.0.2.86, WN3500RPv1 before 1.0.0.28, WNDR3400v3 before 1.0.1.32, WNR1000v3 before 1.0.2.78, WNR2000v2 before 1.2.0.12, XR300 before 1.0.3.50, XR450 before 2.3.2.66, XR500 before 2.3.2.66, and XR700 before 1.0.1.34.
CVE-2020-35801||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by incorrect configuration of security settings. This affects JGS516PE before 2.6.0.48, JGS524Ev2 before 2.6.0.48, JGS524PE before 2.6.0.48, and GS116Ev2 before 2.6.0.48. A TFTP server was found to be active by default. It allows remote authenticated users to update the switch firmware.
CVE-2020-35802||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by disclosure of sensitive information. This affects CBR40 before 2.5.0.14, RBW30 before 2.6.1.4, RAX75 before 1.0.3.102, RAX80 before 1.0.3.102, RBK752 before 3.2.16.6, RBR750 before 3.2.16.6, RBS750 before 3.2.16.6, RBK852 before 3.2.16.6, RBR850 before 3.2.16.6, RBS850 before 3.2.16.6, RBK842 before 3.2.16.6, RBR840 before 3.2.16.6, RBS840 before 3.2.16.6, and RBS40V before 2.6.1.4.
CVE-2020-35803||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by disclosure of sensitive information. This affects D6200 before 1.1.00.40, D7000 before 1.0.1.78, R6020 before 1.0.0.46, R6080 before 1.0.0.46, R6120 before 1.0.0.72, R6220 before 1.1.0.100, R6230 before 1.1.0.100, R6260 before 1.1.0.76, R6700v2 before 1.2.0.74, R6800 before 1.2.0.74, R6900v2 before 1.2.0.74, R7450 before 1.2.0.74, AC2100 before 1.2.0.74, AC2400 before 1.2.0.74, and AC2600 before 1.2.0.74.
CVE-2020-35804||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by disclosure of sensitive information. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.58, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.5.18, R9000 before 1.0.5.18, and XR700 before 1.0.1.34.
CVE-2020-35805||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35806||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK22 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, and WN3000RPv2 before 1.0.0.78.
CVE-2020-35807||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK22 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, and WN3000RPv2 before 1.0.0.78.
CVE-2020-35808||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D6100 before 1.0.0.63, DM200 before 1.0.0.61, R7800 before 1.0.2.52, R8900 before 1.0.4.12, R9000 before 1.0.4.12, WN3000RPv2 before 1.0.0.68, and WNR2000v5 before 1.0.0.66.
CVE-2020-35809||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-3581||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks against a user of the web services interface of an affected device. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web services interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive, browser-based information. Note: These vulnerabilities affect only specific AnyConnect and WebVPN configurations. For more information, see the Vulnerable Products section.
CVE-2020-35810||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35811||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35812||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35813||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, XR700 before 1.0.1.10, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and RAX120 before 1.0.0.78.
CVE-2020-35814||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35815||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35816||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35817||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35818||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35819||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-3582||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks against a user of the web services interface of an affected device. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web services interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive, browser-based information. Note: These vulnerabilities affect only specific AnyConnect and WebVPN configurations. For more information, see the Vulnerable Products section.
CVE-2020-35820||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35821||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35822||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35823||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35824||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35825||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35826||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35827||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, XR700 before 1.0.1.10, and RAX120 before 1.0.0.78.
CVE-2020-35828||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, XR700 before 1.0.1.10, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, and R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46.
CVE-2020-35829||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-3583||Multiple vulnerabilities in the web services interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks against a user of the web services interface of an affected device. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input by the web services interface of an affected device. An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or allow the attacker to access sensitive, browser-based information. Note: These vulnerabilities affect only specific AnyConnect and WebVPN configurations. For more information, see the Vulnerable Products section.
CVE-2020-35830||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35831||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35832||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35833||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, RBK20 before 2.3.5.26, RBR20 before 2.3.5.26, RBS20 before 2.3.5.26, RBK40 before 2.3.5.30, RBR40 before 2.3.5.30, RBS40 before 2.3.5.30, RBK50 before 2.3.5.30, RBR50 before 2.3.5.30, RBS50 before 2.3.5.30, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35834||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35835||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35836||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, XR700 before 1.0.1.10, and RAX120 before 1.0.0.78.
CVE-2020-35837||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35838||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.74, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, RAX120 before 1.0.0.78, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, and XR700 before 1.0.1.10.
CVE-2020-35839||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by Stored XSS. This affects D7800 before 1.0.1.56, R7500v2 before 1.0.3.46, R7800 before 1.0.2.68, R8900 before 1.0.4.28, R9000 before 1.0.4.28, XR500 before 2.3.2.56, XR700 before 1.0.1.10, and RAX120 before 1.0.0.78.
CVE-2020-35840||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D6200 before 1.1.00.38, D7000 before 1.0.1.78, JNR1010v2 before 1.1.0.62, JR6150 before 1.0.1.24, JWNR2010v5 before 1.1.0.62, R6020 before 1.0.0.42, R6050 before 1.0.1.24, R6080 before 1.0.0.42, R6120 before 1.0.0.66, R6220 before 1.1.0.100, R6260 before 1.1.0.76, WNR1000v4 before 1.1.0.62, WNR2020 before 1.1.0.62, and WNR2050 before 1.1.0.62.
CVE-2020-35841||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D6200 before 1.1.00.38, D7000 before 1.0.1.78, JNR1010v2 before 1.1.0.62, JR6150 before 1.0.1.24, JWNR2010v5 before 1.1.0.62, R6020 before 1.0.0.42, R6050 before 1.0.1.24, R6080 before 1.0.0.42, R6120 before 1.0.0.66, R6220 before 1.1.0.100, R6260 before 1.1.0.76, R6700v2 before 1.2.0.62, R6800 before 1.2.0.62, R6900v2 before 1.2.0.62, R7450 before 1.2.0.62, WNR1000v4 before 1.1.0.62, WNR2020 before 1.1.0.62, and WNR2050 before 1.1.0.62.
CVE-2020-35842||Certain NETGEAR devices are affected by stored XSS. This affects D6200 before 1.1.00.38, D7000 before 1.0.1.78, JNR1010v2 before 1.1.0.62, JR6150 before 1.0.1.24, JWNR2010v5 before 1.1.0.62, R6020 before 1.0.0.42, R6050 before 1.0.1.24, R6080 before 1.0.0.42, R6120 before 1.0.0.66, R6220 before 1.1.0.100, R6260 before 1.1.0.76, WNR1000v4 before 1.1.0.62, WNR2020 before 1.1.0.62, and WNR2050 before 1.1.0.62.
CVE-2020-35843||FastStone Image Viewer 7.5 has an out-of-bounds write (via a crafted image file) at FSViewer.exe+0x956e.
CVE-2020-35844||FastStone Image Viewer 7.5 has an out-of-bounds write (via a crafted image file) at FSViewer.exe+0xbe9c4.
CVE-2020-35845||FastStone Image Viewer 7.5 has an out-of-bounds write (via a crafted image file) at FSViewer.exe+0x96cf.
CVE-2020-35846||Agentejo Cockpit before 0.11.2 allows NoSQL injection via the Controller/Auth.php check function.
CVE-2020-35847||Agentejo Cockpit before 0.11.2 allows NoSQL injection via the Controller/Auth.php resetpassword function.
CVE-2020-35848||Agentejo Cockpit before 0.11.2 allows NoSQL injection via the Controller/Auth.php newpassword function.
CVE-2020-35849||An issue was discovered in MantisBT before 2.24.4. An incorrect access check in bug_revision_view_page.php allows an unprivileged attacker to view the Summary field of private issues, as well as bugnotes revisions, gaining access to potentially confidential information via the bugnote_id parameter.
CVE-2020-3585||A vulnerability in the TLS handler of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software and Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) Software for Cisco Firepower 1000 Series firewalls could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to gain access to sensitive information. The vulnerability is due to improper implementation of countermeasures against the Bleichenbacher attack for cipher suites that rely on RSA for key exchange. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted TLS messages to the device, which would act as an oracle and allow the attacker to carry out a chosen-ciphertext attack. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to perform cryptanalytic operations that may allow decryption of previously captured TLS sessions to the affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must be able to perform both of the following actions: Capture TLS traffic that is in transit between clients and the affected device Actively establish a considerable number of TLS connections to the affected device
CVE-2020-35850||** DISPUTED ** An SSRF issue was discovered in cockpit-project.org Cockpit 234. NOTE: this is unrelated to the Agentejo Cockpit product. NOTE: the vendor states "I don't think [it] is a big real-life issue."
CVE-2020-35851||HGiga MailSherlock does not validate specific parameters properly. Attackers can use the vulnerability to launch Command inject attacks remotely and execute arbitrary commands of the system.
CVE-2020-35852||Chatbox is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS). An attacker has to upload any XSS payload with SVG, XML file in Chatbox. There is no restriction on file upload in Chatbox which leads to stored XSS.
CVE-2020-35853||4images Image Gallery Management System 1.7.11 is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS) in the Image URL. This vulnerability can result in an attacker to inject the XSS payload into the IMAGE URL. Each time a user visits that URL, the XSS triggers and the attacker can be able to steal the cookie according to the crafted payload.
CVE-2020-35854||Textpattern 4.8.4 is affected by cross-site scripting (XSS) in the Body parameter.
CVE-2020-35856||SolarWinds Orion Platform before 2020.2.5 allows stored XSS attacks by an administrator on the Customize View page.
CVE-2020-35857||An issue was discovered in the trust-dns-server crate before 0.18.1 for Rust. DNS MX and SRV null targets are mishandled, causing stack consumption.
CVE-2020-35858||An issue was discovered in the prost crate before 0.6.1 for Rust. There is stack consumption via a crafted message, causing a denial of service (e.g., x86) or possibly remote code execution (e.g., ARM).
CVE-2020-35859||An issue was discovered in the lucet-runtime-internals crate before 0.5.1 for Rust. It mishandles sigstack allocation. Guest programs may be able to obtain sensitive information, or guest programs can experience memory corruption.
CVE-2020-3586||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco DNA Spaces Connector could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of user-supplied input in the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the underling operating system with privileges of the web-based management application, which is running as a restricted user. This could result in changes being made to pages served by the web-based management application impacting the integrity or availability of the web-based management application.
CVE-2020-35860||An issue was discovered in the cbox crate through 2020-03-19 for Rust. The CBox API allows dereferencing raw pointers without a requirement for unsafe code.
CVE-2020-35861||An issue was discovered in the bumpalo crate before 3.2.1 for Rust. The realloc feature allows the reading of unknown memory. Attackers can potentially read cryptographic keys.
CVE-2020-35862||An issue was discovered in the bitvec crate before 0.17.4 for Rust. BitVec to BitBox conversion leads to a use-after-free or double free.
CVE-2020-35863||An issue was discovered in the hyper crate before 0.12.34 for Rust. HTTP request smuggling can occur. Remote code execution can occur in certain situations with an HTTP server on the loopback interface.
CVE-2020-35864||An issue was discovered in the flatbuffers crate through 2020-04-11 for Rust. read_scalar (and read_scalar_at) can transmute values without unsafe blocks.
CVE-2020-35865||An issue was discovered in the os_str_bytes crate before 2.0.0 for Rust. It has false expectations about char::from_u32_unchecked behavior.
CVE-2020-35866||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated via VTab / VTabCursor.
CVE-2020-35867||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated via create_module.
CVE-2020-35868||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated via UnlockNotification.
CVE-2020-35869||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated because rusqlite::trace::log mishandles format strings.
CVE-2020-3587||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35870||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated via an Auxdata API use-after-free.
CVE-2020-35871||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated via an Auxdata API data race.
CVE-2020-35872||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated via the repr(Rust) type.
CVE-2020-35873||An issue was discovered in the rusqlite crate before 0.23.0 for Rust. Memory safety can be violated because sessions.rs has a use-after-free.
CVE-2020-35874||An issue was discovered in the internment crate through 2020-05-28 for Rust. ArcIntern::drop has a race condition and resultant use-after-free.
CVE-2020-35875||An issue was discovered in the tokio-rustls crate before 0.13.1 for Rust. Excessive memory usage may occur when data arrives quickly.
CVE-2020-35876||An issue was discovered in the rio crate through 2020-05-11 for Rust. A struct can be leaked, allowing attackers to obtain sensitive information, cause a use-after-free, or cause a data race.
CVE-2020-35877||An issue was discovered in the ozone crate through 2020-07-04 for Rust. Memory safety is violated because of out-of-bounds access.
CVE-2020-35878||An issue was discovered in the ozone crate through 2020-07-04 for Rust. Memory safety is violated because of the dropping of uninitialized memory.
CVE-2020-35879||An issue was discovered in the rulinalg crate through 2020-02-11 for Rust. There are incorrect lifetime-boundary definitions for RowMut::raw_slice and RowMut::raw_slice_mut.
CVE-2020-3588||A vulnerability in virtualization channel messaging in Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App for Windows could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on a targeted system. This vulnerability occurs when this app is deployed in a virtual desktop environment and using virtual environment optimization. This vulnerability is due to improper validation of messages processed by the Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App. A local attacker with limited privileges could exploit this vulnerability by sending malicious messages to the affected software by using the virtualization channel interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to modify the underlying operating system configuration, which could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with the privileges of a targeted user. Note: This vulnerability can be exploited only when Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App is in a virtual desktop environment on a hosted virtual desktop (HVD) and is configured to use the Cisco Webex Meetings virtual desktop plug-in for thin clients.
CVE-2020-35880||An issue was discovered in the bigint crate through 2020-05-07 for Rust. It allows a soundness violation.
CVE-2020-35881||An issue was discovered in the traitobject crate through 2020-06-01 for Rust. It has false expectations about fat pointers, possibly causing memory corruption in, for example, Rust 2.x.
CVE-2020-35882||An issue was discovered in the rocket crate before 0.4.5 for Rust. LocalRequest::clone creates more than one mutable references to the same object, possibly causing a data race.
CVE-2020-35883||An issue was discovered in the mozwire crate through 2020-08-18 for Rust. A ../ directory-traversal situation allows overwriting local files that have .conf at the end of the filename.
CVE-2020-35884||An issue was discovered in the tiny_http crate through 2020-06-16 for Rust. HTTP Request smuggling can occur via a malformed Transfer-Encoding header.
CVE-2020-35885||An issue was discovered in the alpm-rs crate through 2020-08-20 for Rust. StrcCtx performs improper memory deallocation.
CVE-2020-35886||An issue was discovered in the arr crate through 2020-08-25 for Rust. An attacker can smuggle non-Sync/Send types across a thread boundary to cause a data race.
CVE-2020-35887||An issue was discovered in the arr crate through 2020-08-25 for Rust. There is a buffer overflow in Index and IndexMut.
CVE-2020-35888||An issue was discovered in the arr crate through 2020-08-25 for Rust. Uninitialized memory is dropped by Array::new_from_template.
CVE-2020-35889||An issue was discovered in the crayon crate through 2020-08-31 for Rust. A TOCTOU issue has a resultant memory safety violation via HandleLike.
CVE-2020-3589||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker with administrative credentials to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by injecting malicious code into specific pages of the interface. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need to have valid administrative credentials.
CVE-2020-35890||An issue was discovered in the ordnung crate through 2020-09-03 for Rust. compact::Vec violates memory safety via out-of-bounds access for large capacity.
CVE-2020-35891||An issue was discovered in the ordnung crate through 2020-09-03 for Rust. compact::Vec violates memory safety via a remove() double free.
CVE-2020-35892||An issue was discovered in the simple-slab crate before 0.3.3 for Rust. index() allows an out-of-bounds read.
CVE-2020-35893||An issue was discovered in the simple-slab crate before 0.3.3 for Rust. remove() has an off-by-one error, causing memory leakage and a drop of uninitialized memory.
CVE-2020-35894||An issue was discovered in the obstack crate before 0.1.4 for Rust. Unaligned references can occur.
CVE-2020-35895||An issue was discovered in the stack crate before 0.3.1 for Rust. ArrayVec has an out-of-bounds write via element insertion.
CVE-2020-35896||An issue was discovered in the ws crate through 2020-09-25 for Rust. The outgoing buffer is not properly limited, leading to a remote memory-consumption attack.
CVE-2020-35897||An issue was discovered in the atom crate before 0.3.6 for Rust. An unsafe Send implementation allows a cross-thread data race.
CVE-2020-35898||An issue was discovered in the actix-utils crate before 2.0.0 for Rust. The Cell implementation allows obtaining more than one mutable reference to the same data.
CVE-2020-35899||An issue was discovered in the actix-service crate before 1.0.6 for Rust. The Cell implementation allows obtaining more than one mutable reference to the same data.
CVE-2020-3590||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35900||An issue was discovered in the array-queue crate through 2020-09-26 for Rust. A pop_back() call may lead to a use-after-free.
CVE-2020-35901||An issue was discovered in the actix-http crate before 2.0.0-alpha.1 for Rust. There is a use-after-free in BodyStream.
CVE-2020-35902||An issue was discovered in the actix-codec crate before 0.3.0-beta.1 for Rust. There is a use-after-free in Framed.
CVE-2020-35903||An issue was discovered in the dync crate before 0.5.0 for Rust. VecCopy allows misaligned element access because u8 is not always the type in question.
CVE-2020-35904||An issue was discovered in the crossbeam-channel crate before 0.4.4 for Rust. It has incorrect expectations about the relationship between the memory allocation and how many iterator elements there are.
CVE-2020-35905||An issue was discovered in the futures-util crate before 0.3.7 for Rust. MutexGuard::map can cause a data race for certain closure situations (in safe code).
CVE-2020-35906||An issue was discovered in the futures-task crate before 0.3.6 for Rust. futures_task::waker may cause a use-after-free in a non-static type situation.
CVE-2020-35907||An issue was discovered in the futures-task crate before 0.3.5 for Rust. futures_task::noop_waker_ref allows a NULL pointer dereference.
CVE-2020-35908||An issue was discovered in the futures-util crate before 0.3.2 for Rust. FuturesUnordered can lead to data corruption because Sync is mishandled.
CVE-2020-35909||An issue was discovered in the multihash crate before 0.11.3 for Rust. The from_slice parsing code can panic via unsanitized data from a network server.
CVE-2020-3591||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of the Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35910||An issue was discovered in the lock_api crate before 0.4.2 for Rust. A data race can occur because of MappedMutexGuard unsoundness.
CVE-2020-35911||An issue was discovered in the lock_api crate before 0.4.2 for Rust. A data race can occur because of MappedRwLockReadGuard unsoundness.
CVE-2020-35912||An issue was discovered in the lock_api crate before 0.4.2 for Rust. A data race can occur because of MappedRwLockWriteGuard unsoundness.
CVE-2020-35913||An issue was discovered in the lock_api crate before 0.4.2 for Rust. A data race can occur because of RwLockReadGuard unsoundness.
CVE-2020-35914||An issue was discovered in the lock_api crate before 0.4.2 for Rust. A data race can occur because of RwLockWriteGuard unsoundness.
CVE-2020-35915||An issue was discovered in the futures-intrusive crate before 0.4.0 for Rust. GenericMutexGuard allows cross-thread data races of non-Sync types.
CVE-2020-35916||An issue was discovered in the image crate before 0.23.12 for Rust. A Mutable reference has immutable provenance. (In the case of LLVM, the IR may be always correct.)
CVE-2020-35917||An issue was discovered in the pyo3 crate before 0.12.4 for Rust. There is a reference-counting error and use-after-free in From<Py<T>>.
CVE-2020-35918||An issue was discovered in the branca crate before 0.10.0 for Rust. Decoding tokens (with invalid base62 data) can panic.
CVE-2020-35919||An issue was discovered in the net2 crate before 0.2.36 for Rust. It has false expectations about the std::net::SocketAddr memory representation.
CVE-2020-3592||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco SD-WAN vManage Software could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to bypass authorization and modify the configuration of an affected system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient authorization checking on an affected system. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted HTTP requests to the web-based management interface of an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain privileges beyond what would normally be authorized for their configured user authorization level. This could allow the attacker to modify the configuration of an affected system.
CVE-2020-35920||An issue was discovered in the socket2 crate before 0.3.16 for Rust. It has false expectations about the std::net::SocketAddr memory representation.
CVE-2020-35921||An issue was discovered in the miow crate before 0.3.6 for Rust. It has false expectations about the std::net::SocketAddr memory representation.
CVE-2020-35922||An issue was discovered in the mio crate before 0.7.6 for Rust. It has false expectations about the std::net::SocketAddr memory representation.
CVE-2020-35923||An issue was discovered in the ordered-float crate before 1.1.1 and 2.x before 2.0.1 for Rust. A NotNan value can contain a NaN.
CVE-2020-35924||An issue was discovered in the try-mutex crate before 0.3.0 for Rust. TryMutex<T> allows cross-thread sending of a non-Send type.
CVE-2020-35925||An issue was discovered in the magnetic crate before 2.0.1 for Rust. MPMCConsumer and MPMCProducer allow cross-thread sending of a non-Send type.
CVE-2020-35926||An issue was discovered in the nanorand crate before 0.5.1 for Rust. It caused any random number generator (even ChaCha) to return all zeroes because integer truncation was mishandled.
CVE-2020-35927||An issue was discovered in the thex crate through 2020-12-08 for Rust. Thex<T> allows cross-thread data races of non-Send types.
CVE-2020-35928||An issue was discovered in the concread crate before 0.2.6 for Rust. Attackers can cause an ARCache<K,V> data race by sending types that do not implement Send/Sync.
CVE-2020-35929||In TinyCheck before commits 9fd360d and ea53de8, the installation script of the tool contained hard-coded credentials to the backend part of the tool. This information could be used by an attacker for unauthorized access to remote data.
CVE-2020-3593||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to root on the underlying operating system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted request to a utility that is running on an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain root privileges.
CVE-2020-35930||Seo Panel 4.8.0 allows stored XSS by an Authenticated User via the url parameter, as demonstrated by the seo/seopanel/websites.php URI.
CVE-2020-35931||An issue was discovered in Foxit Reader before 10.1.1 (and before 4.1.1 on macOS) and PhantomPDF before 9.7.5 and 10.x before 10.1.1 (and before 4.1.1 on macOS). An attacker can spoof a certified PDF document via an Evil Annotation Attack because the products fail to consider a null value for a Subtype entry of the Annotation dictionary, in an incremental update.
CVE-2020-35932||Insecure Deserialization in the Newsletter plugin before 6.8.2 for WordPress allows authenticated remote attackers with minimal privileges (such as subscribers) to use the tpnc_render AJAX action to inject arbitrary PHP objects via the options[inline_edits] parameter. NOTE: exploitability depends on PHP objects that might be present with certain other plugins or themes.
CVE-2020-35933||A Reflected Authenticated Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Newsletter plugin before 6.8.2 for WordPress allows remote attackers to trick a victim into submitting a tnpc_render AJAX request containing either JavaScript in an options parameter, or a base64-encoded JSON string containing JavaScript in the encoded_options parameter.
CVE-2020-35934||The Advanced Access Manager plugin before 6.6.2 for WordPress displays the unfiltered user object (including all metadata) upon login via the REST API (aam/v1/authenticate or aam/v2/authenticate). This is a security problem if this object stores information that the user is not supposed to have (e.g., custom metadata added by a different plugin).
CVE-2020-35935||The Advanced Access Manager plugin before 6.6.2 for WordPress allows privilege escalation on profile updates via the aam_user_roles POST parameter if Multiple Role support is enabled. (The mechanism for deciding whether a user was entitled to add a role did not work in various custom-role scenarios.)
CVE-2020-35936||Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Post Grid plugin before 2.0.73 for WordPress allow remote authenticated attackers to import layouts including JavaScript supplied via a remotely hosted crafted payload in the source parameter via AJAX. The action must be set to post_grid_import_xml_layouts.
CVE-2020-35937||Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Team Showcase plugin before 1.22.16 for WordPress allow remote authenticated attackers to import layouts including JavaScript supplied via a remotely hosted crafted payload in the source parameter via AJAX. The action must be set to team_import_xml_layouts.
CVE-2020-35938||PHP Object injection vulnerabilities in the Post Grid plugin before 2.0.73 for WordPress allow remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary PHP objects due to insecure unserialization of data supplied in a remotely hosted crafted payload in the source parameter via AJAX. The action must be set to post_grid_import_xml_layouts.
CVE-2020-35939||PHP Object injection vulnerabilities in the Team Showcase plugin before 1.22.16 for WordPress allow remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary PHP objects due to insecure unserialization of data supplied in a remotely hosted crafted payload in the source parameter via AJAX. The action must be set to team_import_xml_layouts.
CVE-2020-3594||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to root on the underlying operating system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by providing crafted options to a specific command. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain root privileges.
CVE-2020-35942||A Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) issue in the NextGEN Gallery plugin before 3.5.0 for WordPress allows File Upload and Local File Inclusion via settings modification, leading to Remote Code Execution and XSS. (It is possible to bypass CSRF protection by simply not including a nonce parameter.)
CVE-2020-35943||A Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) issue in the NextGEN Gallery plugin before 3.5.0 for WordPress allows File Upload. (It is possible to bypass CSRF protection by simply not including a nonce parameter.)
CVE-2020-35944||An issue was discovered in the PageLayer plugin before 1.1.2 for WordPress. The pagelayer_settings_page function is vulnerable to CSRF, which can lead to XSS.
CVE-2020-35945||An issue was discovered in the Divi Builder plugin, Divi theme, and Divi Extra theme before 4.5.3 for WordPress. Authenticated attackers, with contributor-level or above capabilities, can upload arbitrary files, including .php files. This occurs because the check for file extensions is on the client side.
CVE-2020-35946||An issue was discovered in the All in One SEO Pack plugin before 3.6.2 for WordPress. The SEO Description and Title fields are vulnerable to unsanitized input from a Contributor, leading to stored XSS.
CVE-2020-35947||An issue was discovered in the PageLayer plugin before 1.1.2 for WordPress. Nearly all of the AJAX action endpoints lacked permission checks, allowing these actions to be executed by anyone authenticated on the site. This happened because nonces were used as a means of authorization, but a nonce was present in a publicly viewable page. The greatest impact was the pagelayer_save_content function that allowed pages to be modified and allowed XSS to occur.
CVE-2020-35948||An issue was discovered in the XCloner Backup and Restore plugin before 4.2.13 for WordPress. It gave authenticated attackers the ability to modify arbitrary files, including PHP files. Doing so would allow an attacker to achieve remote code execution. The xcloner_restore.php write_file_action could overwrite wp-config.php, for example. Alternatively, an attacker could create an exploit chain to obtain a database dump.
CVE-2020-35949||An issue was discovered in the Quiz and Survey Master plugin before 7.0.1 for WordPress. It made it possible for unauthenticated attackers to upload arbitrary files and achieve remote code execution. If a quiz question could be answered by uploading a file, only the Content-Type header was checked during the upload, and thus the attacker could use text/plain for a .php file.
CVE-2020-3595||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to root group on the underlying operating system. The vulnerability is due to incorrect permissions being set when the affected command is executed. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by executing the affected command on an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain root privileges.
CVE-2020-35950||An issue was discovered in the XCloner Backup and Restore plugin before 4.2.153 for WordPress. It allows CSRF (via almost any endpoint).
CVE-2020-35951||An issue was discovered in the Quiz and Survey Master plugin before 7.0.1 for WordPress. It allows users to delete arbitrary files such as wp-config.php file, which could effectively take a site offline and allow an attacker to reinstall with a WordPress instance under their control. This occurred via qsm_remove_file_fd_question, which allowed unauthenticated deletions (even though it was only intended for a person to delete their own quiz-answer files).
CVE-2020-35952||login.php in PHPFusion (aka PHP-Fusion) Andromeda 9.x before 2020-12-30 generates error messages that distinguish between incorrect username and incorrect password (i.e., not a single "Incorrect username or password" message in both cases), which might allow enumeration.
CVE-2020-3596||A vulnerability in the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) of Cisco Expressway Series and Cisco TelePresence Video Communication Server (VCS) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to incorrect handling of incoming SIP traffic. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a series of SIP packets to an affected device. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to exhaust memory on an affected device, causing it to crash and leading to a DoS condition.
CVE-2020-35962||The sellTokenForLRC function in the vault protocol in the smart contract implementation for Loopring (LRC), an Ethereum token, lacks access control for fee swapping and thus allows price manipulation.
CVE-2020-35963||flb_gzip_compress in flb_gzip.c in Fluent Bit before 1.6.4 has an out-of-bounds write because it does not use the correct calculation of the maximum gzip data-size expansion.
CVE-2020-35964||track_header in libavformat/vividas.c in FFmpeg 4.3.1 has an out-of-bounds write because of incorrect extradata packing.
CVE-2020-35965||decode_frame in libavcodec/exr.c in FFmpeg 4.3.1 has an out-of-bounds write because of errors in calculations of when to perform memset zero operations.
CVE-2020-3597||A vulnerability in the configuration restore feature of Cisco Nexus Data Broker software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to perform a directory traversal attack on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient validation of configuration backup files. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading an administrator to restore a crafted configuration backup file. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to overwrite arbitrary files that are accessible through the affected software on an affected device.
CVE-2020-35970||An issue was discovered in YzmCMS 5.8. There is a SSRF vulnerability in the background collection management that allows arbitrary file read.
CVE-2020-35971||A storage XSS vulnerability is found in YzmCMS v5.8, which can be used by attackers to inject JS code and attack malicious XSS on the /admin/system_manage/user_config_edit.html page.
CVE-2020-35972||An issue was discovered in YzmCMS V5.8. There is a CSRF vulnerability that can add member user accounts via member/member/add.html.
CVE-2020-35973||An issue was discovered in zzcms2020. There is a XSS vulnerability that can insert and execute JS code arbitrarily via /user/manage.php.
CVE-2020-35979||An issue was discovered in GPAC version 0.8.0 and 1.0.1. There is heap-based buffer overflow in the function gp_rtp_builder_do_avc() in ietf/rtp_pck_mpeg4.c.
CVE-2020-3598||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Vision Dynamic Signage Director could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to access confidential information or make configuration changes. The vulnerability is due to missing authentication for a specific section of the web-based management interface. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by accessing a crafted URL. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to obtain access to a section of the interface, which they could use to read confidential information or make configuration changes.
CVE-2020-35980||An issue was discovered in GPAC version 0.8.0 and 1.0.1. There is a use-after-free in the function gf_isom_box_del() in isomedia/box_funcs.c.
CVE-2020-35981||An issue was discovered in GPAC version 0.8.0 and 1.0.1. There is an invalid pointer dereference in the function SetupWriters() in isomedia/isom_store.c.
CVE-2020-35982||An issue was discovered in GPAC version 0.8.0 and 1.0.1. There is an invalid pointer dereference in the function gf_hinter_track_finalize() in media_tools/isom_hinter.c.
CVE-2020-35984||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the 'Users Alerts' feature of Rukovoditel 2.7.2 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the 'Title' parameter.
CVE-2020-35985||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the 'Global Lists" feature of Rukovoditel 2.7.2 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the 'Name' parameter.
CVE-2020-35986||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the 'Users Access Groups' feature of Rukovoditel 2.7.2 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the 'Name' parameter.
CVE-2020-35987||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the 'Entities List' feature of Rukovoditel 2.7.2 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the 'Name' parameter.
CVE-2020-3599||A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to conduct a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack against a user of the interface. This vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface does not properly validate user-supplied input. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by persuading a user of the interface to click a crafted link. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the interface or access sensitive, browser-based information.
CVE-2020-35992||Fiserv Prologue through 2020-12-16 does not properly protect the database password. If an attacker were to gain access to the configuration file (specifically, the LogPassword attribute within appconfig.ini), they would be able to decrypt the password stored within the configuration file. This would yield cleartext credentials for the database (to gain access to financial records of customers stored within the database), and in some cases would allow remote login to the database.
CVE-2020-3600||A vulnerability in Cisco SD-WAN Software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges to root on the underlying operating system. The vulnerability is due to insufficient security controls on the CLI. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by using an affected CLI utility that is running on an affected system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to gain root privileges.
CVE-2020-36002||Seat-Reservation-System 1.0 has a SQL injection vulnerability in index.php in the id parameter where attackers can obtain sensitive database information.
CVE-2020-36003||The id parameter in detail.php of Online Book Store v1.0 is vulnerable to union-based blind SQL injection, which leads to the ability to retrieve all databases.
CVE-2020-36004||AppCMS 2.0.101 in /admin/download_frame.php has a SQL injection vulnerability which allows attackers to obtain sensitive database information.
CVE-2020-36005||AppCMS 2.0.101 in /admin/app.php has an arbitrary file deletion vulnerability which allows attackers to delete arbitrary files on the site.
CVE-2020-36006||AppCMS 2.0.101 in /admin/info.php has an arbitrary file deletion vulnerability which allows attackers to delete arbitrary files on the site.
CVE-2020-36007||AppCMS 2.0.101 in /admin/template/tpl_app.php has a cross site scripting attack vulnerability which allows the attacker to obtain sensitive information of other users.
CVE-2020-36008||OBottle 2.0 in \c\t.php contains an arbitrary file write vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36009||OBottle 2.0 in \c\g.php contains an arbitrary file download vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3601||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco StarOS operating system for Cisco ASR 5000 Series Routers could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of CLI commands. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted commands to the CLI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the root user. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need to have valid administrative credentials on an affected device.
CVE-2020-36011||A cross-site scripting (XSS) issue in Add Patient Form in QDOCS Smart Hospital Management System 3.1 allows a remote attacker to inject arbitrary code via the Name, Guardian Name, Email, Address, Remarks, or Any Known Allergies field.
CVE-2020-36012||Stored XSS vulnerability in BDTASK Multi-Store Inventory Management System 1.0 allows a local admin to inject arbitrary code via the Customer Name Field.
CVE-2020-3602||A vulnerability in the CLI of Cisco StarOS operating system for Cisco ASR 5000 Series Routers could allow an authenticated, local attacker to elevate privileges on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of CLI commands. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending crafted commands to the CLI. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the root user on the affected device. To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need to have valid credentials on an affected device and know the password for the cli test-commands command.
CVE-2020-3603||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Windows and Cisco Webex Player for Windows could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected system. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of certain elements of a Webex recording that is stored in the Advanced Recording Format (ARF) or Webex Recording Format (WRF). An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a user a malicious ARF or WRF file through a link or email attachment and persuading the user to open the file with the affected software on the local system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of the targeted user.
CVE-2020-36033||SQL injection vulnerability in SourceCodester Water Billing System 1.0 via the id parameter to edituser.php.
CVE-2020-3604||Multiple vulnerabilities in Cisco Webex Network Recording Player for Windows and Cisco Webex Player for Windows could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code on an affected system. The vulnerabilities are due to insufficient validation of certain elements of a Webex recording that is stored in the Advanced Recording Format (ARF) or Webex Recording Format (WRF). An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a user a malicious ARF or WRF file through a link or email attachment and persuading the user to open the file with the affected software on the local system. A successful exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the affected system with the privileges of the targeted user.
CVE-2020-36048||Engine.IO before 4.0.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via a POST request to the long polling transport.
CVE-2020-36049||socket.io-parser before 3.4.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large packet because a concatenation approach is used.
CVE-2020-36051||Directory traversal vulnerability in page_edit.php in MiniCMS V1.10 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the state parameter.
CVE-2020-36052||Directory traversal vulnerability in post-edit.php in MiniCMS V1.10 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary files via the state parameter.
CVE-2020-36056||Beetel 777VR1-DI Hardware Version REV.1.01 Firmware Version V01.00.09_55 was discovered to contain a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability via the Ping diagnostic option.
CVE-2020-36062||Dairy Farm Shop Management System v1.0 was discovered to contain hardcoded credentials in the source code which allows attackers access to the control panel if compromised.
CVE-2020-36064||Online Course Registration v1.0 was discovered to contain hardcoded credentials in the source code which allows attackers access to the control panel if compromised.
CVE-2020-36066||GJSON <1.6.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (remote) via crafted JSON.
CVE-2020-36067||GJSON <=v1.6.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (panic: runtime error: slice bounds out of range) via a crafted GET call.
CVE-2020-36079||** DISPUTED ** Zenphoto through 1.5.7 is affected by authenticated arbitrary file upload, leading to remote code execution. The attacker must navigate to the uploader plugin, check the elFinder box, and then drag and drop files into the Files(elFinder) portion of the UI. This can, for example, place a .php file in the server's uploaded/ directory. NOTE: the vendor disputes this because exploitation can only be performed by an admin who has "lots of other possibilities to harm a site."
CVE-2020-3610||Possibility of double free of the drawobj that is added to the drawqueue array of the context during IOCTL commands as there is no refcount taken for this object in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, Nicobar, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, Saipan, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36109||ASUS RT-AX86U router firmware below version under 9.0.0.4_386 has a buffer overflow in the blocking_request.cgi function of the httpd module that can cause code execution when an attacker constructs malicious data.
CVE-2020-3611||u'XBL SEC clears only ZI region when loading Qualcomm-signed segments can lead to improper access issue' in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8098, Kamorta, MSM8998, QCS404, QCS605, SDA660, SDA845, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36112||CSE Bookstore version 1.0 is vulnerable to time-based blind, boolean-based blind and OR error-based SQL injection in pubid parameter in bookPerPub.php and in cart.php. A successful exploitation of this vulnerability will lead to an attacker dumping the entire database on which the web application is running.
CVE-2020-36115||Stored Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in EGavilan Media CRUD Operation with PHP, MySQL, Bootstrap, and Dompdf via First Name or Last Name parameter in the 'Add New Record Feature'.
CVE-2020-36120||Buffer Overflow in the "sixel_encoder_encode_bytes" function of Libsixel v1.8.6 allows attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS).
CVE-2020-36123||saitoha libsixel v1.8.6 was discovered to contain a double free via the component sixel_chunk_destroy at /root/libsixel/src/chunk.c.
CVE-2020-36124||Pax Technology PAXSTORE v7.0.8_20200511171508 and lower is affected by XML External Entity (XXE) injection. An authenticated attacker can compromise the private keys of a JWT token and reuse them to manipulate the access tokens to access the platform as any desired user (clients and administrators).
CVE-2020-36125||Pax Technology PAXSTORE v7.0.8_20200511171508 and lower is affected by incorrect access control where password revalidation in sensitive operations can be bypassed remotely by an authenticated attacker through requesting the endpoint directly.
CVE-2020-36126||Pax Technology PAXSTORE v7.0.8_20200511171508 and lower is affected by incorrect access control that can lead to remote privilege escalation. PAXSTORE marketplace endpoints allow an authenticated user to read and write data not owned by them, including third-party users, application and payment terminals, where an attacker can impersonate any user which may lead to the unauthorized disclosure, modification, or destruction of information.
CVE-2020-36127||Pax Technology PAXSTORE v7.0.8_20200511171508 and lower is affected by an information disclosure vulnerability. Through the PUK signature functionality, an administrator will not have access to the current p12 certificate and password. When accessing this functionality, the administrator has the option to replace the current certificate and it is not possible to view the certificate password (p12) already deployed on the platform. The replacement p12 certificate returns to users in base64 with its password, which can be accessed by non-administrator users.
CVE-2020-36128||Pax Technology PAXSTORE v7.0.8_20200511171508 and lower is affected by a token spoofing vulnerability. Each payment terminal has a session token (called X-Terminal-Token) to access the marketplace. This allows the store to identify the terminal and make available the applications distributed by its reseller. By intercepting HTTPS traffic from the application store, it is possible to collect the request responsible for assigning the X-Terminal-Token to the terminal, which makes it possible to craft an X-Terminal-Token pretending to be another device. An attacker can use this behavior to authenticate its own payment terminal in the application store through token impersonation.
CVE-2020-36129||AOM v2.0.1 was discovered to contain a stack buffer overflow via the component src/aom_image.c.
CVE-2020-3613||Double free issue in kernel memory mapping due to lack of memory protection mechanism in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music in SM8150
CVE-2020-36130||AOM v2.0.1 was discovered to contain a NULL pointer dereference via the component av1/av1_dx_iface.c.
CVE-2020-36131||AOM v2.0.1 was discovered to contain a stack buffer overflow via the component stats/rate_hist.c.
CVE-2020-36133||AOM v2.0.1 was discovered to contain a global buffer overflow via the component av1/encoder/partition_search.h.
CVE-2020-36134||AOM v2.0.1 was discovered to contain a segmentation violation via the component aom_dsp/x86/obmc_sad_avx2.c.
CVE-2020-36135||AOM v2.0.1 was discovered to contain a NULL pointer dereference via the component rate_hist.c.
CVE-2020-36139||BloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 allows Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability by inserting a XSS payload within the 'fileurl' parameter.
CVE-2020-3614||Possible buffer overflow while copying the frame to local buffer due to lack of check of length before copying in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8076, APQ8096, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, IPQ6018, IPQ8074, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA6174A, QCA6574AU, QCA6584AU, QCA9377, QCA9379, QCA9886, QCM2150, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SC7180, SC8180X, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36140||BloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 allows Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) via 'mode=settings&page=editor', as demonstrated by use of 'mode=settings&page=editor' to change any file content (Locally/Remotely).
CVE-2020-36141||BloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 allows Unrestricted File Upload vulnerability via bypass MIME Type validation by inserting 'image/jpeg' within the 'Content-Type' header.
CVE-2020-36142||BloofoxCMS 0.5.2.1 allows Directory traversal vulnerability by inserting '../' payloads within the 'fileurl' parameter.
CVE-2020-36144||Redash 8.0.0 is affected by LDAP Injection. There is an information leak through the crafting of special queries, escaping the provided template since the username included in the search filter lacks sanitization.
CVE-2020-36148||Incorrect handling of input data in verifyAttribute function in the libmysofa library 0.5 - 1.1 will lead to NULL pointer dereference and segmentation fault error in case of restrictive memory protection or near NULL pointer overwrite in case of no memory restrictions (e.g. in embedded environments).
CVE-2020-36149||Incorrect handling of input data in changeAttribute function in the libmysofa library 0.5 - 1.1 will lead to NULL pointer dereference and segmentation fault error in case of restrictive memory protection or near NULL pointer overwrite in case of no memory restrictions (e.g. in embedded environments).
CVE-2020-3615||Valid deauth/disassoc frames is dropped in case if RMF is enabled and some rouge peer keep on sending rogue deauth/disassoc frames due to improper enum values used to check the frame subtype in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile in APQ8009, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9650, MSM8996AU, QCA6174A, QCA6574AU, QCA9377, QCA9379, QCN7605, QCS605, SC8180X, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36150||Incorrect handling of input data in loudness function in the libmysofa library 0.5 - 1.1 will lead to heap buffer overflow and access to unallocated memory block.
CVE-2020-36151||Incorrect handling of input data in mysofa_resampler_reset_mem function in the libmysofa library 0.5 - 1.1 will lead to heap buffer overflow and overwriting large memory block.
CVE-2020-36152||Buffer overflow in readDataVar in hdf/dataobject.c in Symonics libmysofa 0.5 - 1.1 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted SOFA.
CVE-2020-36154||The Application Wrapper in Pearson VUE VTS Installer 2.3.1911 has Full Control permissions for Everyone in the "%SYSTEMDRIVE%\Pearson VUE" directory, which allows local users to obtain administrative privileges via a Trojan horse application.
CVE-2020-36155||An issue was discovered in the Ultimate Member plugin before 2.1.12 for WordPress, aka Unauthenticated Privilege Escalation via User Meta. An attacker could supply an array parameter for sensitive metadata, such as the wp_capabilities user meta that defines a user's role. During the registration process, submitted registration details were passed to the update_profile function, and any metadata was accepted, e.g., wp_capabilities[administrator] for Administrator access.
CVE-2020-36156||An issue was discovered in the Ultimate Member plugin before 2.1.12 for WordPress, aka Authenticated Privilege Escalation via Profile Update. Any user with wp-admin access to the profile.php page could supply the parameter um-role with a value set to any role (e.g., Administrator) during a profile update, and effectively escalate their privileges.
CVE-2020-36157||An issue was discovered in the Ultimate Member plugin before 2.1.12 for WordPress, aka Unauthenticated Privilege Escalation via User Roles. Due to the lack of filtering on the role parameter that could be supplied during the registration process, an attacker could supply the role parameter with a WordPress capability (or any custom Ultimate Member role) and effectively be granted those privileges.
CVE-2020-36158||mwifiex_cmd_802_11_ad_hoc_start in drivers/net/wireless/marvell/mwifiex/join.c in the Linux kernel through 5.10.4 might allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long SSID value, aka CID-5c455c5ab332.
CVE-2020-36159||Veritas Desktop and Laptop Option (DLO) before 9.5 disclosed operational information on the backup processing status through a URL that did not require authentication.
CVE-2020-3616||Buffer overflow in display function due to memory copy without checking length of size using strcpy function in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, QCS605, QM215, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150
CVE-2020-36160||An issue was discovered in Veritas System Recovery before 21.2. On start-up, it loads the OpenSSL library from \usr\local\ssl. This library attempts to load the from \usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file, which does not exist. By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under C:\. A low privileged user can create a C:\usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file to load a malicious OpenSSL engine, resulting in arbitrary code execution as SYSTEM when the service starts. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data and installed applications, etc. If the system is also an Active Directory domain controller, then this can affect the entire domain.
CVE-2020-36161||An issue was discovered in Veritas APTARE 10.4 before 10.4P9 and 10.5 before 10.5P3. By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under C:\. A low privileged user can create a directory at the configuration file locations. When the Windows system restarts, a malicious OpenSSL engine could exploit arbitrary code execution as SYSTEM. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc.
CVE-2020-36162||An issue was discovered in Veritas CloudPoint before 8.3.0.1+hotfix. The CloudPoint Windows Agent leverages OpenSSL. This OpenSSL library attempts to load the \usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file, which does not exist. By default, on Windows systems users can create directories under <drive>:\. A low privileged user can create a <drive>:\usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file to load a malicious OpenSSL engine, which may result in arbitrary code execution. This would give the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc.
CVE-2020-36163||An issue was discovered in Veritas NetBackup and OpsCenter through 8.3.0.1. NetBackup processes using Strawberry Perl attempt to load and execute libraries from paths that do not exist by default on the Windows operating system. By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under C:\. If a low privileged user on the Windows system creates an affected path with a library that NetBackup attempts to load, they can execute arbitrary code as SYSTEM or Administrator. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc. This affects NetBackup master servers, media servers, clients, and OpsCenter servers on the Windows platform. The system is vulnerable during an install or upgrade on all systems and post-install on Master, Media, and OpsCenter servers during normal operations.
CVE-2020-36164||An issue was discovered in Veritas Enterprise Vault through 14.0. On start-up, it loads the OpenSSL library. The OpenSSL library then attempts to load the openssl.cnf configuration file (which does not exist) at the following locations in both the System drive (typically C:\) and the product's installation drive (typically not C:\): \Isode\etc\ssl\openssl.cnf (on SMTP Server) or \user\ssl\openssl.cnf (on other affected components). By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under C:\. A low privileged user can create a openssl.cnf configuration file to load a malicious OpenSSL engine, resulting in arbitrary code execution as SYSTEM when the service starts. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc. This vulnerability only affects a server with MTP Server, SMTP Archiving IMAP Server, IMAP Archiving, Vault Cloud Adapter, NetApp File server, or File System Archiving for NetApp as File Server.
CVE-2020-36165||An issue was discovered in Veritas Desktop and Laptop Option (DLO) before 9.4. On start-up, it loads the OpenSSL library from /ReleaseX64/ssl. This library attempts to load the /ReleaseX64/ssl/openssl.cnf configuration file, which does not exist. By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under C:\. A low privileged user can create a C:/ReleaseX64/ssl/openssl.cnf configuration file to load a malicious OpenSSL engine, resulting in arbitrary code execution as SYSTEM when the service starts. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc. This impacts DLO server and client installations.
CVE-2020-36166||An issue was discovered in Veritas InfoScale 7.x through 7.4.2 on Windows, Storage Foundation through 6.1 on Windows, Storage Foundation HA through 6.1 on Windows, and InfoScale Operations Manager (aka VIOM) Windows Management Server 7.x through 7.4.2. On start-up, it loads the OpenSSL library from \usr\local\ssl. This library attempts to load the \usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file, which may not exist. On Windows systems, this path could translate to <drive>:\usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf, where <drive> could be the default Windows installation drive such as C:\ or the drive where a Veritas product is installed. By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under any top-level directory. A low privileged user can create a <drive>:\usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file to load a malicious OpenSSL engine, resulting in arbitrary code execution as SYSTEM when the service starts. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc.
CVE-2020-36167||An issue was discovered in the server in Veritas Backup Exec through 16.2, 20.6 before hotfix 298543, and 21.1 before hotfix 657517. On start-up, it loads the OpenSSL library from the Installation folder. This library in turn attempts to load the /usr/local/ssl/openssl.cnf configuration file, which may not exist. On Windows systems, this path could translate to <drive>:\usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf. A low privileged user can create a :\usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file to load a malicious OpenSSL engine, resulting in arbitrary code execution as SYSTEM when the service starts. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc. If the system is also an Active Directory domain controller, then this can affect the entire domain.
CVE-2020-36168||An issue was discovered in Veritas Resiliency Platform 3.4 and 3.5. It leverages OpenSSL on Windows systems when using the Managed Host addon. On start-up, it loads the OpenSSL library. This library may attempt to load the openssl.cnf configuration file, which does not exist. By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under C:\. A low privileged user can create a C:\usr\local\ssl\openssl.cnf configuration file to load a malicious OpenSSL engine, resulting in arbitrary code execution as SYSTEM when the service starts. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc.
CVE-2020-36169||An issue was discovered in Veritas NetBackup through 8.3.0.1 and OpsCenter through 8.3.0.1. Processes using OpenSSL attempt to load and execute libraries from paths that do not exist by default on the Windows operating system. By default, on Windows systems, users can create directories under the top level of any drive. If a low privileged user creates an affected path with a library that the Veritas product attempts to load, they can execute arbitrary code as SYSTEM or Administrator. This gives the attacker administrator access on the system, allowing the attacker (by default) to access all data, access all installed applications, etc. This vulnerability affects master servers, media servers, clients, and OpsCenter servers on the Windows platform. The system is vulnerable during an install or upgrade and post-install during normal operations.
CVE-2020-3617||u'Buffer over-read Issue in Q6 testbus framework due to diag packet length is not completely validated before accessing the field and leads to Information disclosure.' in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile in Kamorta, Nicobar, QCS605, QCS610, Rennell, SC7180, SDA660, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36170||The Ultimate Member plugin before 2.1.13 for WordPress mishandles hidden name="timestamp" fields in forms.
CVE-2020-36171||The Elementor Website Builder plugin before 3.0.14 for WordPress does not properly restrict SVG uploads.
CVE-2020-36172||The Advanced Custom Fields plugin before 5.8.12 for WordPress mishandles the escaping of strings in Select2 dropdowns, potentially leading to XSS.
CVE-2020-36173||The Ninja Forms plugin before 3.4.28 for WordPress lacks escaping for submissions-table fields.
CVE-2020-36174||The Ninja Forms plugin before 3.4.27.1 for WordPress allows CSRF via services integration.
CVE-2020-36175||The Ninja Forms plugin before 3.4.27.1 for WordPress allows attackers to bypass validation via the email field.
CVE-2020-36176||The iThemes Security (formerly Better WP Security) plugin before 7.7.0 for WordPress does not enforce a new-password requirement for an existing account until the second login occurs.
CVE-2020-36177||RsaPad_PSS in wolfcrypt/src/rsa.c in wolfSSL before 4.6.0 has an out-of-bounds write for certain relationships between key size and digest size.
CVE-2020-36178||oal_ipt_addBridgeIsolationRules on TP-Link TL-WR840N 6_EU_0.9.1_4.16 devices allows OS command injection because a raw string entered from the web interface (an IP address field) is used directly for a call to the system library function (for iptables). NOTE: oal_ipt_addBridgeIsolationRules is not the only function that calls util_execSystem.
CVE-2020-36179||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to oadd.org.apache.commons.dbcp.cpdsadapter.DriverAdapterCPDS.
CVE-2020-3618||NULL exception due to accessing bad pointer while posting events on RT FIFO in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in IPQ6018, IPQ8074, QCA8081, SC8180X, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36180||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.commons.dbcp2.cpdsadapter.DriverAdapterCPDS.
CVE-2020-36181||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.tomcat.dbcp.dbcp.cpdsadapter.DriverAdapterCPDS.
CVE-2020-36182||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.tomcat.dbcp.dbcp2.cpdsadapter.DriverAdapterCPDS.
CVE-2020-36183||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.docx4j.org.apache.xalan.lib.sql.JNDIConnectionPool.
CVE-2020-36184||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.tomcat.dbcp.dbcp2.datasources.PerUserPoolDataSource.
CVE-2020-36185||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.tomcat.dbcp.dbcp2.datasources.SharedPoolDataSource.
CVE-2020-36186||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.tomcat.dbcp.dbcp.datasources.PerUserPoolDataSource.
CVE-2020-36187||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to org.apache.tomcat.dbcp.dbcp.datasources.SharedPoolDataSource.
CVE-2020-36188||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to com.newrelic.agent.deps.ch.qos.logback.core.db.JNDIConnectionSource.
CVE-2020-36189||FasterXML jackson-databind 2.x before 2.9.10.8 mishandles the interaction between serialization gadgets and typing, related to com.newrelic.agent.deps.ch.qos.logback.core.db.DriverManagerConnectionSource.
CVE-2020-3619||u'Non-secure memory is touched multiple times during TrustZone\u2019s execution and can lead to privilege escalation or memory corruption' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8098, IPQ8074, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8998, QCA8081, QCS404, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, SC7180, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX24, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36190||RailsAdmin (aka rails_admin) before 1.4.3 and 2.x before 2.0.2 allows XSS via nested forms.
CVE-2020-36191||JupyterHub 1.1.0 allows CSRF in the admin panel via a request that lacks an _xsrf field, as demonstrated by a /hub/api/user request (to add or remove a user account).
CVE-2020-36192||An issue was discovered in the Source Integration plugin before 2.4.1 for MantisBT. An attacker can gain access to the Summary field of private Issues (either marked as Private, or part of a private Project), if they are attached to an existing Changeset. The information is visible on the view.php page, as well as on the list.php page (a pop-up on the Affected Issues id hyperlink). Additionally, if the attacker has "Update threshold" in the plugin's configuration (set to the "updater" access level by default), then they can link any Issue to a Changeset by entering the Issue's Id, even if they do not have access to it.
CVE-2020-36193||Tar.php in Archive_Tar through 1.4.11 allows write operations with Directory Traversal due to inadequate checking of symbolic links, a related issue to CVE-2020-28948.
CVE-2020-36194||An XSS vulnerability has been reported to affect QNAP NAS running QTS and QuTS hero. If exploited, this vulnerability allows attackers to inject malicious code. This issue affects: QNAP Systems Inc. QTS versions prior to 4.5.2.1566 Build 20210202. QNAP Systems Inc. QuTS hero versions prior to h4.5.2.1638 build 20210414. This issue does not affect: QNAP Systems Inc. QTS 4.5.3.
CVE-2020-36195||An SQL injection vulnerability has been reported to affect QNAP NAS running Multimedia Console or the Media Streaming add-on. If exploited, the vulnerability allows remote attackers to obtain application information. QNAP has already fixed this vulnerability in the following versions of Multimedia Console and the Media Streaming add-on. QTS 4.3.3: Media Streaming add-on 430.1.8.10 and later QTS 4.3.6: Media Streaming add-on 430.1.8.8 and later QTS 4.4.x and later: Multimedia Console 1.3.4 and later We have also fixed this vulnerability in the following versions of QTS 4.3.3 and QTS 4.3.6, respectively: QTS 4.3.3.1624 Build 20210416 or later QTS 4.3.6.1620 Build 20210322 or later
CVE-2020-36196||A stored XSS vulnerability has been reported to affect QNAP NAS running QuLog Center. If exploited, this vulnerability allows attackers to inject malicious code. This issue affects: QNAP Systems Inc. QuLog Center versions prior to 1.2.0.
CVE-2020-36197||An improper access control vulnerability has been reported to affect earlier versions of Music Station. If exploited, this vulnerability allows attackers to compromise the security of the software by gaining privileges, reading sensitive information, executing commands, evading detection, etc. This issue affects: QNAP Systems Inc. Music Station versions prior to 5.3.16 on QTS 4.5.2; versions prior to 5.2.10 on QTS 4.3.6; versions prior to 5.1.14 on QTS 4.3.3; versions prior to 5.3.16 on QuTS hero h4.5.2; versions prior to 5.3.16 on QuTScloud c4.5.4.
CVE-2020-36198||A command injection vulnerability has been reported to affect certain versions of Malware Remover. If exploited, this vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands. This issue affects: QNAP Systems Inc. Malware Remover versions prior to 4.6.1.0. This issue does not affect: QNAP Systems Inc. Malware Remover 3.x.
CVE-2020-36199||TinyCheck before commits 9fd360d and ea53de8 was vulnerable to command injection due to insufficient checks of input parameters in several places.
CVE-2020-3620||u'Lack of check of integer overflow while doing a round up operation for data read from shared memory for G-link SMEM transport can lead to corruption and potential information leak' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Bitra, IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9645, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA8081, QCM2150, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, SA6155P, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36200||TinyCheck before commits 9fd360d and ea53de8 allowed an authenticated attacker to send an HTTP GET request to the crafted URLs.
CVE-2020-36201||An issue was discovered in certain Xerox WorkCentre products. They do not properly encrypt passwords. This affects 3655, 3655i, 58XX, 58XXi 59XX, 59XXi, 6655, 6655i, 72XX, 72XXi 78XX, 78XXi, 7970, 7970i, EC7836, and EC7856 devices.
CVE-2020-36202||An issue was discovered in the async-h1 crate before 2.3.0 for Rust. Request smuggling can occur when used behind a reverse proxy.
CVE-2020-36203||An issue was discovered in the reffers crate through 2020-12-01 for Rust. ARefss can contain a !Send,!Sync object, leading to a data race and memory corruption.
CVE-2020-36204||An issue was discovered in the im crate through 2020-11-09 for Rust. Because TreeFocus does not have bounds on its Send trait or Sync trait, a data race can occur.
CVE-2020-36205||An issue was discovered in the xcb crate through 2020-12-10 for Rust. base::Error does not have soundness. Because of the public ptr field, a use-after-free or double-free can occur.
CVE-2020-36206||An issue was discovered in the rusb crate before 0.7.0 for Rust. Because of a lack of Send and Sync bounds, a data race and memory corruption can occur.
CVE-2020-36207||An issue was discovered in the aovec crate through 2020-12-10 for Rust. Because Aovec<T> does not have bounds on its Send trait or Sync trait, a data race and memory corruption can occur.
CVE-2020-36208||An issue was discovered in the conquer-once crate before 0.3.2 for Rust. Thread crossing can occur for a non-Send but Sync type, leading to memory corruption.
CVE-2020-36209||An issue was discovered in the late-static crate before 0.4.0 for Rust. Because Sync is implemented for LateStatic with T: Send, a data race can occur.
CVE-2020-3621||u'Lack of check to ensure that the TX read index & RX write index that are read from shared memory are less than the FIFO size results into memory corruption and potential information leakage' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Bitra, IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9645, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA8081, QCM2150, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, SA6155P, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36210||An issue was discovered in the autorand crate before 0.2.3 for Rust. Because of impl Random on arrays, uninitialized memory can be dropped when a panic occurs, leading to memory corruption.
CVE-2020-36211||An issue was discovered in the gfwx crate before 0.3.0 for Rust. Because ImageChunkMut does not have bounds on its Send trait or Sync trait, a data race and memory corruption can occur.
CVE-2020-36212||An issue was discovered in the abi_stable crate before 0.9.1 for Rust. DrainFilter lacks soundness because of a double drop.
CVE-2020-36213||An issue was discovered in the abi_stable crate before 0.9.1 for Rust. A retain call can create an invalid UTF-8 string, violating soundness.
CVE-2020-36214||An issue was discovered in the multiqueue2 crate before 0.1.7 for Rust. Because a non-Send type can be sent to a different thread, a data race can occur.
CVE-2020-36215||An issue was discovered in the hashconsing crate before 1.1.0 for Rust. Because HConsed does not have bounds on its Send trait or Sync trait, memory corruption can occur.
CVE-2020-36216||An issue was discovered in Input<R> in the eventio crate before 0.5.1 for Rust. Because a non-Send type can be sent to a different thread, a data race and memory corruption can occur.
CVE-2020-36217||An issue was discovered in the may_queue crate through 2020-11-10 for Rust. Because Queue does not have bounds on its Send trait or Sync trait, memory corruption can occur.
CVE-2020-36218||An issue was discovered in the buttplug crate before 1.0.4 for Rust. ButtplugFutureStateShared does not properly consider (!Send|!Sync) objects, leading to a data race.
CVE-2020-36219||An issue was discovered in the atomic-option crate through 2020-10-31 for Rust. Because AtomicOption<T> implements Sync unconditionally, a data race can occur.
CVE-2020-3622||u'Channel name string which has been read from shared memory is potentially subjected to string manipulations but not validated for NULL termination can results into memory corruption' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Bitra, IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9645, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA8081, QCM2150, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, SA6155P, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36220||An issue was discovered in the va-ts crate before 0.0.4 for Rust. Because Demuxer<T> omits a required T: Send bound, a data race and memory corruption can occur.
CVE-2020-36221||An integer underflow was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to slapd crashes in the Certificate Exact Assertion processing, resulting in denial of service (schema_init.c serialNumberAndIssuerCheck).
CVE-2020-36222||A flaw was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to an assertion failure in slapd in the saslAuthzTo validation, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-36223||A flaw was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to a slapd crash in the Values Return Filter control handling, resulting in denial of service (double free and out-of-bounds read).
CVE-2020-36224||A flaw was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to an invalid pointer free and slapd crash in the saslAuthzTo processing, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-36225||A flaw was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to a double free and slapd crash in the saslAuthzTo processing, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-36226||A flaw was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to a memch->bv_len miscalculation and slapd crash in the saslAuthzTo processing, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-36227||A flaw was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to an infinite loop in slapd with the cancel_extop Cancel operation, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-36228||An integer underflow was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to a slapd crash in the Certificate List Exact Assertion processing, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-36229||A flaw was discovered in ldap_X509dn2bv in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading to a slapd crash in the X.509 DN parsing in ad_keystring, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-3623||kernel failure due to load failures while running v1 path directly via kernel in Snapdragon Mobile in SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36230||A flaw was discovered in OpenLDAP before 2.4.57 leading in an assertion failure in slapd in the X.509 DN parsing in decode.c ber_next_element, resulting in denial of service.
CVE-2020-36231||Affected versions of Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center allow remote attackers to view the metadata of boards they should not have access to via an Insecure Direct Object References (IDOR) vulnerability. The affected versions are before version 8.5.10, and from version 8.6.0 before 8.13.2.
CVE-2020-36232||The MessageBundleWhiteList class of atlassian-gadgets before version 4.2.37, from version 4.3.0 before 4.3.14, from version 4.3.2.0 before 4.3.2.4, from version 4.4.0 before 4.4.12, and from version 5.0.0 before 5.0.1 allowed unexpected DNS lookups and requests to arbitrary services as it incorrectly obtained application base url information from the executing http request which could be attacker controlled.
CVE-2020-36233||The Microsoft Windows Installer for Atlassian Bitbucket Server and Data Center before version 6.10.9, 7.x before 7.6.4, and from version 7.7.0 before 7.10.1 allows local attackers to escalate privileges because of weak permissions on the installation directory.
CVE-2020-36234||Affected versions of Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Screens Modal view. The affected versions are before version 8.5.11, from version 8.6.0 before 8.13.3, and from version 8.14.0 before 8.15.0.
CVE-2020-36235||Affected versions of Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center allow unauthenticated remote attackers to view custom field and custom SLA names via an Information Disclosure vulnerability in the mobile site view. The affected versions are before version 8.13.2, and from version 8.14.0 before 8.14.1.
CVE-2020-36236||Affected versions of Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the ViewWorkflowSchemes.jspa and ListWorkflows.jspa endpoints. The affected versions are before version 8.5.11, from version 8.6.0 before 8.13.3, and from version 8.14.0 before 8.15.0.
CVE-2020-36237||Affected versions of Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center allow unauthenticated remote attackers to view custom field options via an Information Disclosure vulnerability in the /rest/api/2/customFieldOption/ endpoint. The affected versions are before version 8.15.0.
CVE-2020-36238||The /rest/api/1.0/render resource in Jira Server and Data Center before version 8.5.13, from version 8.6.0 before version 8.13.5, and from version 8.14.0 before version 8.15.1 allows remote anonymous attackers to determine if a username is valid or not via a missing permissions check.
CVE-2020-36239||Jira Data Center, Jira Core Data Center, Jira Software Data Center from version 6.3.0 before 8.5.16, from 8.6.0 before 8.13.8, from 8.14.0 before 8.17.0 and Jira Service Management Data Center from version 2.0.2 before 4.5.16, from version 4.6.0 before 4.13.8, and from version 4.14.0 before 4.17.0 exposed a Ehcache RMI network service which attackers, who can connect to the service, on port 40001 and potentially 40011[0][1], could execute arbitrary code of their choice in Jira through deserialization due to a missing authentication vulnerability. While Atlassian strongly suggests restricting access to the Ehcache ports to only Data Center instances, fixed versions of Jira will now require a shared secret in order to allow access to the Ehcache service. [0] In Jira Data Center, Jira Core Data Center, and Jira Software Data Center versions prior to 7.13.1, the Ehcache object port can be randomly allocated. [1] In Jira Service Management Data Center versions prior to 3.16.1, the Ehcache object port can be randomly allocated.
CVE-2020-3624||u'A potential buffer overflow exists due to integer overflow when parsing handler options due to wrong data type usage in operation' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9615, MDM9625, MDM9635M, MDM9640, MDM9645, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCN7605, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, SA515M, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36240||The ResourceDownloadRewriteRule class in Crowd before version 4.0.4, and from version 4.1.0 before 4.1.2 allowed unauthenticated remote attackers to read arbitrary files within WEB-INF and META-INF directories via an incorrect path access check.
CVE-2020-36241||autoar-extractor.c in GNOME gnome-autoar through 0.2.4, as used by GNOME Shell, Nautilus, and other software, allows Directory Traversal during extraction because it lacks a check of whether a file's parent is a symlink to a directory outside of the intended extraction location.
CVE-2020-36242||In the cryptography package before 3.3.2 for Python, certain sequences of update calls to symmetrically encrypt multi-GB values could result in an integer overflow and buffer overflow, as demonstrated by the Fernet class.
CVE-2020-36243||The Patient Portal of OpenEMR 5.0.2.1 is affected by a Command Injection vulnerability in /interface/main/backup.php. To exploit the vulnerability, an authenticated attacker can send a POST request that executes arbitrary OS commands via shell metacharacters.
CVE-2020-36244||The daemon in GENIVI diagnostic log and trace (DLT), is vulnerable to a heap-based buffer overflow that could allow an attacker to remotely execute arbitrary code on the DLT-Daemon (versions prior to 2.18.6).
CVE-2020-36245||GramAddict through 1.2.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code because of use of UIAutomator2 and ATX-Agent. The attacker must be able to reach TCP port 7912, e.g., by being on the same Wi-Fi network.
CVE-2020-36246||Amaze File Manager before 3.5.1 allows attackers to obtain root privileges via shell metacharacters in a symbolic link.
CVE-2020-36247||Open OnDemand before 1.5.7 and 1.6.x before 1.6.22 allows CSRF.
CVE-2020-36248||The ownCloud application before 2.15 for Android allows attackers to use adb to include a PIN preferences value in a backup archive, and consequently bypass the PIN lock feature by restoring from this archive.
CVE-2020-36249||The File Firewall before 2.8.0 for ownCloud Server does not properly enforce file-type restrictions for public shares.
CVE-2020-3625||When making query to DSP capabilities, Stack out of bounds occurs due to wrong buffer length configured for DSP attributes in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Mobile in SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36250||In the ownCloud application before 2.15 for Android, the lock protection mechanism can be bypassed by moving the system date/time into the past.
CVE-2020-36251||ownCloud Server before 10.3.0 allows an attacker, who has received non-administrative access to a group share, to remove everyone else's access to that share.
CVE-2020-36252||ownCloud Server 10.x before 10.3.1 allows an attacker, who has one outgoing share from a victim, to access any version of any file by sending a request for a predictable ID number.
CVE-2020-36254||scp.c in Dropbear before 2020.79 mishandles the filename of . or an empty filename, a related issue to CVE-2018-20685.
CVE-2020-36255||An issue was discovered in IdentityModel (aka ScottBrady.IdentityModel) before 1.3.0. The Branca implementation allows an attacker to modify and forge authentication tokens.
CVE-2020-36256||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36257||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36258||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36259||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3626||Any application can bind to it and exercise the APIs due to no protection for AIDL uimlpaservice in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA6574AU, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36260||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36261||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36262||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36263||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36264||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36265||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36266||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36267||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36268||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36269||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3627||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36270||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36271||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36272||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36273||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36274||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36275||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36276||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36277||Leptonica before 1.80.0 allows a denial of service (application crash) via an incorrect left shift in pixConvert2To8 in pixconv.c.
CVE-2020-36278||Leptonica before 1.80.0 allows a heap-based buffer over-read in findNextBorderPixel in ccbord.c.
CVE-2020-36279||Leptonica before 1.80.0 allows a heap-based buffer over-read in rasteropGeneralLow, related to adaptmap_reg.c and adaptmap.c.
CVE-2020-3628||Improper access due to socket opened by the logging application without specifying localhost address in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Mobile in APQ8053, Rennell, SDX20
CVE-2020-36280||Leptonica before 1.80.0 allows a heap-based buffer over-read in pixReadFromTiffStream, related to tiffio.c.
CVE-2020-36281||Leptonica before 1.80.0 allows a heap-based buffer over-read in pixFewColorsOctcubeQuantMixed in colorquant1.c.
CVE-2020-36282||JMS Client for RabbitMQ 1.x before 1.15.2 and 2.x before 2.2.0 is vulnerable to unsafe deserialization that can result in code execution via crafted StreamMessage data.
CVE-2020-36283||HID OMNIKEY 5427 and OMNIKEY 5127 readers are vulnerable to CSRF when using the EEM driver (Ethernet Emulation Mode). By persuading an authenticated user to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could send a malformed HTTP request to upload a configuration file to the device. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to perform cross-site scripting attacks, Web cache poisoning, and other malicious activities.
CVE-2020-36284||Union Pay up to 3.4.93.4.9, for android, contains a CWE-347: Improper Verification of Cryptographic Signature vulnerability, allows attackers to shop for free in merchants' websites and mobile apps, via a crafted authentication code (MAC) which is generated based on a secret key which is NULL.
CVE-2020-36285||Union Pay up to 3.3.12, for iOS mobile apps, contains a CWE-347: Improper Verification of Cryptographic Signature vulnerability, allows attackers to shop for free in merchants' websites and mobile apps, via a crafted authentication code (MAC) which is generated based on a secret key which is NULL.
CVE-2020-36286||The membersOf JQL search function in Jira Server and Data Center before version 8.5.13, from version 8.6.0 before version 8.13.5, and from version 8.14.0 before version 8.15.1 allows remote anonymous attackers to determine if a group exists & members of groups if they are assigned to publicly visible issue field.
CVE-2020-36287||The dashboard gadgets preference resource of the Atlassian gadgets plugin used in Jira Server and Jira Data Center before version 8.13.5, and from version 8.14.0 before version 8.15.1 allows remote anonymous attackers to obtain gadget related settings via a missing permissions check.
CVE-2020-36288||The issue navigation and search view in Jira Server and Data Center before version 8.5.12, from version 8.6.0 before version 8.13.4, and from version 8.14.0 before version 8.15.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a DOM Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability caused by parameter pollution.
CVE-2020-36289||Affected versions of Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center allow an unauthenticated user to enumerate users via an Information Disclosure vulnerability in the QueryComponentRendererValue!Default.jspa endpoint. The affected versions are before version 8.5.13, from version 8.6.0 before 8.13.5, and from version 8.14.0 before 8.15.1.
CVE-2020-3629||u'Stack out of bound issue occurs when making query to DSP capabilities due to wrong assumption was made on determining the buffer size for the DSP attributes' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in Bitra, Kamorta, Rennell, SC7180, SDM845, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36290||The Livesearch macro in Confluence Server and Data Center before version 7.4.5, from version 7.5.0 before 7.6.3, and from version 7.7.0 before version 7.7.4 allows remote attackers with permission to edit a page or blog to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the page excerpt functionality.
CVE-2020-3630||Possibility of out of bound access while processing the responses from video firmware in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, SA6155P, Saipan, SC8180X, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36306||Redmine before 4.0.7 and 4.1.x before 4.1.1 has XSS via the back_url field.
CVE-2020-36307||Redmine before 4.0.7 and 4.1.x before 4.1.1 has stored XSS via textile inline links.
CVE-2020-36308||Redmine before 4.0.7 and 4.1.x before 4.1.1 allows attackers to discover the subject of a non-visible issue by performing a CSV export and reading time entries.
CVE-2020-36309||ngx_http_lua_module (aka lua-nginx-module) before 0.10.16 in OpenResty allows unsafe characters in an argument when using the API to mutate a URI, or a request or response header.
CVE-2020-3631||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-36310||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 5.8. arch/x86/kvm/svm/svm.c allows a set_memory_region_test infinite loop for certain nested page faults, aka CID-e72436bc3a52.
CVE-2020-36311||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 5.9. arch/x86/kvm/svm/sev.c allows attackers to cause a denial of service (soft lockup) by triggering destruction of a large SEV VM (which requires unregistering many encrypted regions), aka CID-7be74942f184.
CVE-2020-36312||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 5.8.10. virt/kvm/kvm_main.c has a kvm_io_bus_unregister_dev memory leak upon a kmalloc failure, aka CID-f65886606c2d.
CVE-2020-36313||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 5.7. The KVM subsystem allows out-of-range access to memslots after a deletion, aka CID-0774a964ef56. This affects arch/s390/kvm/kvm-s390.c, include/linux/kvm_host.h, and virt/kvm/kvm_main.c.
CVE-2020-36314||fr-archive-libarchive.c in GNOME file-roller through 3.38.0, as used by GNOME Shell and other software, allows Directory Traversal during extraction because it lacks a check of whether a file's parent is a symlink in certain complex situations. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2020-11736.
CVE-2020-36315||In RELIC before 2020-08-01, RSA PKCS#1 v1.5 signature forgery can occur because certain checks of the padding (and of the first two bytes) are inadequate. NOTE: this requires that a low public exponent (such as 3) is being used. The product, by default, does not generate RSA keys with such a low number.
CVE-2020-36316||In RELIC before 2021-04-03, there is a buffer overflow in PKCS#1 v1.5 signature verification because garbage bytes can be present.
CVE-2020-36317||In the standard library in Rust before 1.49.0, String::retain() function has a panic safety problem. It allows creation of a non-UTF-8 Rust string when the provided closure panics. This bug could result in a memory safety violation when other string APIs assume that UTF-8 encoding is used on the same string.
CVE-2020-36318||In the standard library in Rust before 1.49.0, VecDeque::make_contiguous has a bug that pops the same element more than once under certain condition. This bug could result in a use-after-free or double free.
CVE-2020-36319||Insecure configuration of default ObjectMapper in com.vaadin:flow-server versions 3.0.0 through 3.0.5 (Vaadin 15.0.0 through 15.0.4) may expose sensitive data if the application also uses e.g. @RestController
CVE-2020-3632||u'Incorrect validation of ring context fetched from host memory can lead to memory overflow' in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Mobile in QSM8350, SC7180, SDX55, SDX55M, SM6150, SM6250, SM6250P, SM7125, SM7150, SM7150P, SM7250, SM7250P, SM8150, SM8150P, SM8250, SM8350, SM8350P, SXR2130, SXR2130P
CVE-2020-36320||Unsafe validation RegEx in EmailValidator class in com.vaadin:vaadin-server versions 7.0.0 through 7.7.21 (Vaadin 7.0.0 through 7.7.21) allows attackers to cause uncontrolled resource consumption by submitting malicious email addresses.
CVE-2020-36321||Improper URL validation in development mode handler in com.vaadin:flow-server versions 2.0.0 through 2.4.1 (Vaadin 14.0.0 through 14.4.2), and 3.0 prior to 5.0 (Vaadin 15 prior to 18) allows attacker to request arbitrary files stored outside of intended frontend resources folder.
CVE-2020-36322||An issue was discovered in the FUSE filesystem implementation in the Linux kernel before 5.10.6, aka CID-5d069dbe8aaf. fuse_do_getattr() calls make_bad_inode() in inappropriate situations, causing a system crash. NOTE: the original fix for this vulnerability was incomplete, and its incompleteness is tracked as CVE-2021-28950.
CVE-2020-36323||In the standard library in Rust before 1.52.0, there is an optimization for joining strings that can cause uninitialized bytes to be exposed (or the program to crash) if the borrowed string changes after its length is checked.
CVE-2020-36324||Wikimedia Quarry analytics-quarry-web before 2020-12-15 allows Reflected XSS because app.py does not explicitly set the application/json content type.
CVE-2020-36325||** DISPUTED ** An issue was discovered in Jansson through 2.13.1. Due to a parsing error in json_loads, there's an out-of-bounds read-access bug. NOTE: the vendor reports that this only occurs when a programmer fails to follow the API specification.
CVE-2020-36326||PHPMailer 6.1.8 through 6.4.0 allows object injection through Phar Deserialization via addAttachment with a UNC pathname. NOTE: this is similar to CVE-2018-19296, but arose because 6.1.8 fixed a functionality problem in which UNC pathnames were always considered unreadable by PHPMailer, even in safe contexts. As an unintended side effect, this fix eliminated the code that blocked addAttachment exploitation.
CVE-2020-36327||Bundler 1.16.0 through 2.2.9 and 2.2.11 through 2.2.16 sometimes chooses a dependency source based on the highest gem version number, which means that a rogue gem found at a public source may be chosen, even if the intended choice was a private gem that is a dependency of another private gem that is explicitly depended on by the application. NOTE: it is not correct to use CVE-2021-24105 for every "Dependency Confusion" issue in every product.
CVE-2020-36328||A flaw was found in libwebp in versions before 1.0.1. A heap-based buffer overflow in function WebPDecodeRGBInto is possible due to an invalid check for buffer size. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2020-36329||A flaw was found in libwebp in versions before 1.0.1. A use-after-free was found due to a thread being killed too early. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and integrity as well as system availability.
CVE-2020-3633||Array out of bound may occur while playing mp3 file as no check is there on offset if it is greater than the buffer allocated or not in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36330||A flaw was found in libwebp in versions before 1.0.1. An out-of-bounds read was found in function ChunkVerifyAndAssign. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and to the service availability.
CVE-2020-36331||A flaw was found in libwebp in versions before 1.0.1. An out-of-bounds read was found in function ChunkAssignData. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to data confidentiality and to the service availability.
CVE-2020-36332||A flaw was found in libwebp in versions before 1.0.1. When reading a file libwebp allocates an excessive amount of memory. The highest threat from this vulnerability is to the service availability.
CVE-2020-36333||themegrill-demo-importer before 1.6.2 does not require authentication for wiping the database, because of a reset_wizard_actions hook.
CVE-2020-36334||themegrill-demo-importer before 1.6.3 allows CSRF, as demonstrated by wiping the database.
CVE-2020-3634||u'Multiple Read overflows issue due to improper length check while decoding Generic NAS transport/EMM info' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9625, MDM9635M, MDM9640, MDM9645, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, Saipan, SC7180, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3635||Stack based overflow If the maximum number of arguments allowed per request in perflock exceeds in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3636||u'Out of bound writes happen when accessing usage_table header entry beyond the memory allocated for the header' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Kamorta, QCS404, QCS610, Rennell, SC7180, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36363||Amazon AWS CloudFront TLSv1.2_2019 allows TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256 and TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384, which some entities consider to be weak ciphers.
CVE-2020-36364||An issue was discovered in Smartstore (aka SmartStoreNET) before 4.1.0. Administration/Controllers/ImportController.cs allows path traversal (for copy and delete actions) in the ImportController.Create method via a TempFileName field.
CVE-2020-36365||Smartstore (aka SmartStoreNET) before 4.1.0 allows CommonController.ClearCache, ClearDatabaseCache, RestartApplication, and ScheduleTaskController.Edit open redirect.
CVE-2020-36366||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_value Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36367||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_block Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36368||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_statement Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36369||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_statement_list Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36370||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_unary Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36371||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_mul_div_rem Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36372||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_plus_minus Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36373||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_shifts Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36374||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_comparison Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36375||Stack overflow vulnerability in parse_equality Cesanta MJS 1.20.1, allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted file.
CVE-2020-36376||An issue was discovered in the list function in shenzhim aaptjs 1.3.1, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the filePath parameters.
CVE-2020-36377||An issue was discovered in the dump function in shenzhim aaptjs 1.3.1, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the filePath parameters.
CVE-2020-36378||An issue was discovered in the packageCmd function in shenzhim aaptjs 1.3.1, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the filePath parameters.
CVE-2020-36379||An issue was discovered in the remove function in shenzhim aaptjs 1.3.1, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the filePath parameters.
CVE-2020-3638||u'An Unaligned address or size can propagate to the database due to improper page permissions and can lead to improper access control' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Agatti, Bitra, Kamorta, QCA6390, QCS404, QCS610, Rennell, SA515M, SC7180, SC8180X, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36380||An issue was discovered in the crunch function in shenzhim aaptjs 1.3.1, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the filePath parameters.
CVE-2020-36381||An issue was discovered in the singleCrunch function in shenzhim aaptjs 1.3.1, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the filePath parameters.
CVE-2020-36382||OpenVPN Access Server 2.7.3 to 2.8.7 allows remote attackers to trigger an assert during the user authentication phase via incorrect authentication token data in an early phase of the user authentication resulting in a denial of service.
CVE-2020-36383||PageLayer before 1.3.5 allows reflected XSS via the font-size parameter.
CVE-2020-36384||PageLayer before 1.3.5 allows reflected XSS via color settings.
CVE-2020-36385||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 5.10. drivers/infiniband/core/ucma.c has a use-after-free because the ctx is reached via the ctx_list in some ucma_migrate_id situations where ucma_close is called, aka CID-f5449e74802c.
CVE-2020-36386||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 5.8.1. net/bluetooth/hci_event.c has a slab out-of-bounds read in hci_extended_inquiry_result_evt, aka CID-51c19bf3d5cf.
CVE-2020-36387||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 5.8.2. fs/io_uring.c has a use-after-free related to io_async_task_func and ctx reference holding, aka CID-6d816e088c35.
CVE-2020-36388||In CiviCRM before 5.21.3 and 5.22.x through 5.24.x before 5.24.3, users may be able to upload and execute a crafted PHAR archive.
CVE-2020-36389||In CiviCRM before 5.28.1 and CiviCRM ESR before 5.27.5 ESR, the CKEditor configuration form allows CSRF.
CVE-2020-3639||u'When a non standard SIP sigcomp message is received from the network, then there may be chances of using more UDVM cycle or memory overflow' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8037, APQ8053, MDM9250, MDM9607, MDM9628, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8108, MSM8208, MSM8209, MSM8608, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, QCM4290, QCM6125, QCS410, QCS4290, QCS603, QCS605, QCS610, QCS6125, QM215, QSM8350, SA415M, SA6145P, SA6150P, SA6155P, SA8150P, SA8155, SA8155P, SA8195P, SC7180, SC8180X, SC8180X+SDX55, SC8180XP, SDA429W, SDA640, SDA660, SDA670, SDA845, SDA855, SDM1000, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM455, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM640, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM712, SDM845, SDM850, SDX24, SDX50M, SDX55, SDX55M, SM4125, SM4250, SM4250P, SM6115, SM6115P, SM6125, SM6150, SM6150P, SM6250, SM6250P, SM7125, SM7150, SM7150P, SM7250, SM7250P, SM8150, SM8150P, SM8350, SM8350P, SXR1120, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36394||pam_setquota.c in the pam_setquota module before 2020-05-29 for Linux-PAM allows local attackers to set their quota on an arbitrary filesystem, in certain situations where the attacker's home directory is a FUSE filesystem mounted under /home.
CVE-2020-36395||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the /admin/user/team component of LavaLite 5.8.0 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "New" parameter.
CVE-2020-36396||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the /admin/roles/role component of LavaLite 5.8.0 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "New" parameter.
CVE-2020-36397||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the /admin/contact/contact component of LavaLite 5.8.0 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "New" parameter.
CVE-2020-36398||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phplist 3.5.4 and below allows attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload in the "Campaign" field under the "Send a campaign" module.
CVE-2020-36399||A stored cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phplist 3.5.4 and below allows attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload in the "rule1" parameter under the "Bounce Rules" module.
CVE-2020-3640||u'Resizing the usage table header before passing all the checks leads to the function exiting with a usage table in invalid state when a HLOS adversary calls the function with wrong input' in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Bitra, Kamorta, QCS404, QCS610, Rennell, Saipan, SC7180, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36400||ZeroMQ libzmq 4.3.3 has a heap-based buffer overflow in zmq::tcp_read, a different vulnerability than CVE-2021-20235.
CVE-2020-36401||mruby 2.1.2 has a double free in mrb_default_allocf (called from mrb_free and obj_free).
CVE-2020-36402||Solidity 0.7.5 has a stack-use-after-return issue in smtutil::CHCSmtLib2Interface::querySolver. NOTE: c39a5e2b7a3fabbf687f53a2823fc087be6c1a7e is cited in the OSV "fixed" field but does not have a code change.
CVE-2020-36403||HTSlib through 1.10.2 allows out-of-bounds write access in vcf_parse_format (called from vcf_parse and vcf_read).
CVE-2020-36404||Keystone Engine 0.9.2 has an invalid free in llvm_ks::SmallVectorImpl<llvm_ks::MCFixup>::~SmallVectorImpl.
CVE-2020-36405||Keystone Engine 0.9.2 has a use-after-free in llvm_ks::X86Operand::getToken.
CVE-2020-36406||** DISPUTED ** uWebSockets 18.11.0 and 18.12.0 has a stack-based buffer overflow in uWS::TopicTree::trimTree (called from uWS::TopicTree::unsubscribeAll). NOTE: the vendor's position is that this is "a minor issue or not even an issue at all" because the developer of an application (that uses uWebSockets) should not be allowing the large number of triggered topics to accumulate.
CVE-2020-36407||libavif 0.8.0 and 0.8.1 has an out-of-bounds write in avifDecoderDataFillImageGrid.
CVE-2020-36408||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Add Shortcut" parameter under the "Manage Shortcuts" module.
CVE-2020-36409||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Add Category" parameter under the "Categories" module.
CVE-2020-3641||Integer overflow may occur if atom size is less than atom offset as there is improper validation of atom size in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCA6574AU, QCM2150, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SA6155P, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36410||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Email address to receive notification of news submission" parameter under the "Options" module.
CVE-2020-36411||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Path for the {page_image} tag:" or "Path for thumbnail field:" parameters under the "Content Editing Settings" module.
CVE-2020-36412||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Search Text" field under the "Admin Search" module.
CVE-2020-36413||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Exclude these IP addresses from the "Site Down" status" parameter under the "Maintenance Mode" module.
CVE-2020-36414||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "URL (slug)" or "Extra" fields under the "Add Article" feature.
CVE-2020-36415||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Create a new Stylesheet" parameter under the "Stylesheets" module.
CVE-2020-36416||A stored cross scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CMS Made Simple 2.2.14 allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered into the "Create a new Design" parameter under the "Designs" module.
CVE-2020-3642||Use after free issue in camera applications when used randomly over multiple operations due to pointer not set to NULL after free/destroy of the object in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Mobile in Kamorta, QCS605, Rennell, Saipan, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36420||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** Polipo through 1.1.1, when NDEBUG is omitted, allows denial of service via a reachable assertion during parsing of a malformed Range header. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-36421||An issue was discovered in Arm Mbed TLS before 2.23.0. Because of a side channel in modular exponentiation, an RSA private key used in a secure enclave could be disclosed.
CVE-2020-36422||An issue was discovered in Arm Mbed TLS before 2.23.0. A side channel allows recovery of an ECC private key, related to mbedtls_ecp_check_pub_priv, mbedtls_pk_parse_key, mbedtls_pk_parse_keyfile, mbedtls_ecp_mul, and mbedtls_ecp_mul_restartable.
CVE-2020-36423||An issue was discovered in Arm Mbed TLS before 2.23.0. A remote attacker can recover plaintext because a certain Lucky 13 countermeasure doesn't properly consider the case of a hardware accelerator.
CVE-2020-36424||An issue was discovered in Arm Mbed TLS before 2.24.0. An attacker can recover a private key (for RSA or static Diffie-Hellman) via a side-channel attack against generation of base blinding/unblinding values.
CVE-2020-36425||An issue was discovered in Arm Mbed TLS before 2.24.0. It incorrectly uses a revocationDate check when deciding whether to honor certificate revocation via a CRL. In some situations, an attacker can exploit this by changing the local clock.
CVE-2020-36426||An issue was discovered in Arm Mbed TLS before 2.24.0. mbedtls_x509_crl_parse_der has a buffer over-read (of one byte).
CVE-2020-36427||GNOME gThumb before 3.10.1 allows an application crash via a malformed JPEG image.
CVE-2020-36428||matio (aka MAT File I/O Library) 1.5.18 through 1.5.21 has a heap-based buffer overflow in ReadInt32DataDouble (called from ReadInt32Data and Mat_VarRead4).
CVE-2020-36429||Variant_encodeJson in open62541 1.x before 1.0.4 has an out-of-bounds write for a large recursion depth.
CVE-2020-3643||u'Information disclosure issue can occur due to partial secure display-touch session tear-down' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8076, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, IPQ6018, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, SA515M, SA6155P, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36430||libass 0.15.x before 0.15.1 has a heap-based buffer overflow in decode_chars (called from decode_font and process_text) because the wrong integer data type is used for subtraction.
CVE-2020-36431||Unicorn Engine 1.0.2 has an out-of-bounds write in helper_wfe_arm.
CVE-2020-36432||An issue was discovered in the alg_ds crate through 2020-08-25 for Rust. There is a drop of uninitialized memory in Matrix::new().
CVE-2020-36433||An issue was discovered in the chunky crate through 2020-08-25 for Rust. The Chunk API does not honor an alignment requirement.
CVE-2020-36434||An issue was discovered in the sys-info crate before 0.8.0 for Rust. sys_info::disk_info calls can trigger a double free.
CVE-2020-36435||An issue was discovered in the ruspiro-singleton crate before 0.4.1 for Rust. In Singleton, Send and Sync do not have bounds checks.
CVE-2020-36436||An issue was discovered in the unicycle crate before 0.7.1 for Rust. PinSlab<T> and Unordered<T, S> do not have bounds on their Send and Sync traits.
CVE-2020-36437||An issue was discovered in the conqueue crate before 0.4.0 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for QueueSender<T>.
CVE-2020-36438||An issue was discovered in the tiny_future crate before 0.4.0 for Rust. Future<T> does not have bounds on its Send and Sync traits.
CVE-2020-36439||An issue was discovered in the ticketed_lock crate before 0.3.0 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send for ReadTicket<T> and WriteTicket<T>.
CVE-2020-3644||u'Information disclosure issue occurs as in current logic Secure Touch session is released without terminating display session' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, Rennell, SA415M, SA515M, SA6155P, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36440||An issue was discovered in the libsbc crate before 0.1.5 for Rust. For Decoder<R>, it implements Send for any R: Read.
CVE-2020-36441||An issue was discovered in the abox crate before 0.4.1 for Rust. It implements Send and Sync for AtomicBox<T> with no requirement for T: Send and T: Sync.
CVE-2020-36442||An issue was discovered in the beef crate before 0.5.0 for Rust. beef::Cow has no Sync bound on its Send trait.
CVE-2020-36443||An issue was discovered in the libp2p-deflate crate before 0.27.1 for Rust. An uninitialized buffer is passed to AsyncRead::poll_read(), which is a user-provided trait function.
CVE-2020-36444||An issue was discovered in the async-coap crate through 2020-12-08 for Rust. Send and Sync are implemented for ArcGuard<RC, T> without trait bounds on RC.
CVE-2020-36445||An issue was discovered in the convec crate through 2020-11-24 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for ConVec<T>.
CVE-2020-36446||An issue was discovered in the signal-simple crate through 2020-11-15 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for SyncChannel<T>.
CVE-2020-36447||An issue was discovered in the v9 crate through 2020-12-18 for Rust. There is an unconditional implementation of Sync for SyncRef<T>.
CVE-2020-36448||An issue was discovered in the cache crate through 2020-11-24 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for Cache<K>.
CVE-2020-36449||An issue was discovered in the kekbit crate before 0.3.4 for Rust. For ShmWriter<H>, Send is implemented without requiring H: Send.
CVE-2020-3645||Firmware will hit assert in WLAN firmware If encrypted data length in FILS IE of reassoc response is more than 528 bytes in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCA8081, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, Rennell, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36450||An issue was discovered in the bunch crate through 2020-11-12 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for Bunch<T>.
CVE-2020-36451||An issue was discovered in the rcu_cell crate through 2020-11-14 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for RcuCell<T>.
CVE-2020-36452||An issue was discovered in the array-tools crate before 0.3.2 for Rust. FixedCapacityDequeLike::clone() has a drop of uninitialized memory.
CVE-2020-36453||An issue was discovered in the scottqueue crate through 2020-11-15 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for Queue<T>.
CVE-2020-36454||An issue was discovered in the parc crate through 2020-11-14 for Rust. LockWeak<T> has an unconditional implementation of Send without trait bounds on T.
CVE-2020-36455||An issue was discovered in the slock crate through 2020-11-17 for Rust. Slock<T> unconditionally implements Send and Sync.
CVE-2020-36456||An issue was discovered in the toolshed crate through 2020-11-15 for Rust. In CopyCell<T>, the Send trait lacks bounds on the contained type.
CVE-2020-36457||An issue was discovered in the lever crate before 0.1.1 for Rust. AtomicBox<T> implements the Send and Sync traits for all types T.
CVE-2020-36458||An issue was discovered in the lexer crate through 2020-11-10 for Rust. For ReaderResult<T, E>, there is an implementation of Sync with a trait bound of T: Send, E: Send.
CVE-2020-36459||An issue was discovered in the dces crate through 2020-12-09 for Rust. The World type is marked as Send but lacks bounds on its EntityStore and ComponentStore.
CVE-2020-3646||u'Buffer overflow seen as the destination buffer size is lesser than the source buffer size in video application' in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in Bitra, MSM8909W, QCM2150, QCS405, QCS605, Saipan, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM429W, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36460||An issue was discovered in the model crate through 2020-11-10 for Rust. The Shared data structure has an implementation of the Send and Sync traits without regard for the inner type.
CVE-2020-36461||An issue was discovered in the noise_search crate through 2020-12-10 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send and Sync for MvccRwLock.
CVE-2020-36462||An issue was discovered in the syncpool crate before 0.1.6 for Rust. There is an unconditional implementation of Send for Bucket2.
CVE-2020-36463||An issue was discovered in the multiqueue crate through 2020-12-25 for Rust. There are unconditional implementations of Send for InnerSend<RW, T>, InnerRecv<RW, T>, FutInnerSend<RW, T>, and FutInnerRecv<RW, T>.
CVE-2020-36464||An issue was discovered in the heapless crate before 0.6.1 for Rust. The IntoIter Clone implementation clones an entire underlying Vec without considering whether it has already been partially consumed.
CVE-2020-36465||An issue was discovered in the generic-array crate before 0.13.3 for Rust. It violates soundness by using the arr! macro to extend lifetimes.
CVE-2020-36466||An issue was discovered in the cgc crate through 2020-12-10 for Rust. Ptr implements Send and Sync for all types.
CVE-2020-36467||An issue was discovered in the cgc crate through 2020-12-10 for Rust. Ptr::get returns more than one mutable reference to the same object.
CVE-2020-36468||An issue was discovered in the cgc crate through 2020-12-10 for Rust. Ptr::write performs non-atomic write operations on an underlying pointer.
CVE-2020-36469||An issue was discovered in the appendix crate through 2020-11-15 for Rust. For the generic K and V type parameters, Send and Sync are implemented unconditionally.
CVE-2020-3647||u'Potential buffer overflow when accessing npu debugfs node "off"/"log" with large buffer size' in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music in MDM9607, QCS405, SC8180X, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150
CVE-2020-36470||An issue was discovered in the disrustor crate through 2020-12-17 for Rust. RingBuffer doe not properly limit the number of mutable references.
CVE-2020-36471||An issue was discovered in the generator crate before 0.7.0 for Rust. It does not ensure that a function (for yielding values) has Send bounds.
CVE-2020-36472||An issue was discovered in the max7301 crate before 0.2.0 for Rust. The ImmediateIO and TransactionalIO types implement Sync for all Expander<EI> types that they contain.
CVE-2020-36473||UCWeb UC 12.12.3.1219 through 12.12.3.1226 uses cleartext HTTP, and thus man-in-the-middle attackers can discover visited URLs.
CVE-2020-36474||SafeCurl before 0.9.2 has a DNS rebinding vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36475||An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.25.0 (and before 2.16.9 LTS and before 2.7.18 LTS). The calculations performed by mbedtls_mpi_exp_mod are not limited; thus, supplying overly large parameters could lead to denial of service when generating Diffie-Hellman key pairs.
CVE-2020-36476||An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.24.0 (and before 2.16.8 LTS and before 2.7.17 LTS). There is missing zeroization of plaintext buffers in mbedtls_ssl_read to erase unused application data from memory.
CVE-2020-36477||An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.24.0. The verification of X.509 certificates when matching the expected common name (the cn argument of mbedtls_x509_crt_verify) with the actual certificate name is mishandled: when the subjecAltName extension is present, the expected name is compared to any name in that extension regardless of its type. This means that an attacker could impersonate a 4-byte or 16-byte domain by getting a certificate for the corresponding IPv4 or IPv6 address (this would require the attacker to control that IP address, though).
CVE-2020-36478||An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.25.0 (and before 2.16.9 LTS and before 2.7.18 LTS). A NULL algorithm parameters entry looks identical to an array of REAL (size zero) and thus the certificate is considered valid. However, if the parameters do not match in any way, then the certificate should be considered invalid.
CVE-2020-3648||u'Possible out of bound write in DSP driver code due to lack of check of data received from user' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in MSM8909W
CVE-2020-36485||Portable Ltd Playable v9.18 was discovered to contain an arbitrary file upload vulnerability in the filename parameter of the upload module. This vulnerability allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted JPEG file.
CVE-2020-36486||Swift File Transfer Mobile v1.1.2 and below was discovered to contain a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability via the 'path' parameter of the 'list' and 'download' exception-handling.
CVE-2020-36488||An issue in the FTP server of Sky File v2.1.0 allows attackers to perform directory traversal via `/null//` path commands.
CVE-2020-36489||Dropouts Technologies LLP Air Share v1.2 was discovered to contain a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the devicename parameter. This vulnerability allows attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload in the devicename information.
CVE-2020-36490||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component file_manage_view.php via the `activepath`, `keyword`, `tag`, `fmdo=x&filename`, `CKEditor` and `CKEditorFuncNum` parameters.
CVE-2020-36491||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component tags_main.php via the `activepath`, `keyword`, `tag`, `fmdo=x&filename`, `CKEditor` and `CKEditorFuncNum` parameters.
CVE-2020-36492||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component select_media.php via the `activepath`, `keyword`, `tag`, `fmdo=x&filename`, `CKEditor` and `CKEditorFuncNum` parameters.
CVE-2020-36493||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component media_main.php via the `activepath`, `keyword`, `tag`, `fmdo=x&filename`, `CKEditor` and `CKEditorFuncNum` parameters.
CVE-2020-36494||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component mychannel_edit.php via the `filename`, `mid`, `userid`, and `templet' parameters.
CVE-2020-36495||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component file_manage_view.php via the `filename`, `mid`, `userid`, and `templet' parameters.
CVE-2020-36496||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component sys_admin_user_edit.php via the `filename`, `mid`, `userid`, and `templet' parameters.
CVE-2020-36497||DedeCMS v7.5 SP2 was discovered to contain multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the component makehtml_homepage.php via the `filename`, `mid`, `userid`, and `templet' parameters.
CVE-2020-36498||Macrob7 Macs Framework Content Management System - 1.14f contains a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the account reset function, which allows attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload in the e-mail input field.
CVE-2020-36499||TAO Open Source Assessment Platform v3.3.0 RC02 was discovered to contain a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the content parameter of the Rubric Block (Add) module. This vulnerability allows attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload in the rubric name value.
CVE-2020-36501||Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Support module of SugarCRM v6.5.18 allows attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via crafted payloads entered into the primary address state or alternate address state input fields.
CVE-2020-36502||Swift File Transfer Mobile v1.1.2 was discovered to contain a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability via the devicename parameter which allows attackers to execute arbitrary web scripts or HTML via a crafted payload entered as the device name itself.
CVE-2020-36503||The Connections Business Directory WordPress plugin before 9.7 does not validate or sanitise some connections' fields, which could lead to a CSV injection issue
CVE-2020-36504||The WP-Pro-Quiz WordPress plugin through 0.37 does not have CSRF check in place when deleting a quiz, which could allow an attacker to make a logged in admin delete arbitrary quiz on the blog
CVE-2020-36505||The Delete All Comments Easily WordPress plugin through 1.3 is lacking Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) checks, which could result in an unauthenticated attacker making a logged in admin delete all comments from the blog.
CVE-2020-3651||Active command timeout since WM status change cmd is not removed from active queue if peer sends multiple deauth frames. in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, QCA6174A, QCA6574AU, QCA9377, QCA9379, QCM2150, QCN7605, QCS605, QM215, SC8180X, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-36510||The 15Zine WordPress theme before 3.3.0 does not sanitise and escape the cbi parameter before outputing it back in the response via the cb_s_a AJAX action, leading to a Reflected Cross-Site Scripting
CVE-2020-36511||An issue was discovered in the bite crate through 2020-12-31 for Rust. read::BiteReadExpandedExt::read_framed_max may read from uninitialized memory locations.
CVE-2020-36512||An issue was discovered in the buffoon crate through 2020-12-31 for Rust. InputStream::read_exact may read from uninitialized memory locations.
CVE-2020-36513||An issue was discovered in the acc_reader crate through 2020-12-27 for Rust. read_up_to may read from uninitialized memory locations.
CVE-2020-36514||An issue was discovered in the acc_reader crate through 2020-12-27 for Rust. fill_buf may read from uninitialized memory locations.
CVE-2020-36516||An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel through 5.16.11. The mixed IPID assignment method with the hash-based IPID assignment policy allows an off-path attacker to inject data into a victim's TCP session or terminate that session.
CVE-2020-36517||An information leak in Nabu Casa Home Assistant Operating System and Home Assistant Supervised 2022.03 allows a DNS operator to gain knowledge about internal network resources via the hardcoded DNS resolver configuration.
CVE-2020-36518||jackson-databind before 2.13.0 allows a Java StackOverflow exception and denial of service via a large depth of nested objects.
CVE-2020-36519||Mimecast Email Security before 2020-01-10 allows any admin to spoof any domain, and pass DMARC alignment via SPF. This occurs through misuse of the address rewrite feature. (The domain being spoofed must be a customer in the Mimecast grid from which the spoofing occurs.)
CVE-2020-3652||Possible buffer over-read issue in windows x86 wlan driver function while processing beacon or request frame due to lack of check of length of variable received. in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity in MSM8998, QCA6390, SC7180, SC8180X, SDM850
CVE-2020-36521||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iCloud for Windows 11.4, iOS 14.0 and iPadOS 14.0, watchOS 7.0, tvOS 14.0, iCloud for Windows 7.21, iTunes for Windows 12.10.9. Processing a maliciously crafted tiff file may lead to a denial-of-service or potentially disclose memory contents.
CVE-2020-36523||A vulnerability was found in PlantUML 6.43. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is the component Database Information Macro. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36524||A vulnerability was found in Refined Toolkit. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the component UI-Image/UI-Button. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36525||A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Linking. This affects an unknown part of the component New Windows Macro. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36526||A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in Countdown Timer. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Macro Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36527||A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Server Status. This issue affects some unknown processing of the component HTTP Status/SMTP Status. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36528||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Platinum Mobile 1.0.4.850. Affected is /MobileHandler.ashx which leads to broken access control. The attack requires authentication. Upgrading to version 1.0.4.851 is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component.
CVE-2020-36529||A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in SevOne Network Management System up to 5.7.2.22. This affects the file traceroute.php of the Traceroute Handler. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation with a command injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
CVE-2020-3653||Possible buffer over-read in windows wlan driver function due to lack of check of length of variable received from userspace in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity in MSM8998, QCA6390, SC7180, SC8180X, SDM850
CVE-2020-36530||A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SevOne Network Management System up to 5.7.2.22. This vulnerability affects the Alert Summary. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely.
CVE-2020-36531||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in SevOne Network Management System up to 5.7.2.22. This issue affects the Device Manager Page. An injection leads to privilege escalation. The attack may be initiated remotely.
CVE-2020-36532||A vulnerability has been found in Klapp App and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Authorization. The manipulation leads to information disclosure (Credentials). The attack can be initiated remotely. It is recommended to upgrade the affected app.
CVE-2020-36533||A vulnerability was found in Klapp App and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the JSON Web Token Handler. The manipulation leads to weak authentication. The attack may be initiated remotely.
CVE-2020-36534||A vulnerability was found in easyii CMS. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file /admin/sign/out. The manipulation leads to cross site request forgery. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36535||A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in MINMAX. This affects an unknown part of the file /newsDia.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely.
CVE-2020-36536||A vulnerability was found in Brandbugle. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /main.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely.
CVE-2020-36537||A vulnerability was found in Everywhere CMS. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely.
CVE-2020-36538||A vulnerability was found in Eatan CMS. It has been declared as critical. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely.
CVE-2020-36539||A vulnerability was found in Lgico y Creativo 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely.
CVE-2020-3654||u'Buffer overflow occurs while processing SIP message packet due to lack of check of index validation before copying into it' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in Agatti, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Bitra, Kamorta, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCA6574AU, QCM2150, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SA6155P, SA8155P, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36540||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in Neetai Tech. Affected is an unknown function of the file /product.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36541||A vulnerability was found in Demokratian. It has been rated as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file basicos_php/genera_select.php. The manipulation of the argument id_provincia with the input -1%20union%20all%20select%201,2,3,4,database() leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
CVE-2020-36542||A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Demokratian. This affects an unknown part of the file install/install3.php. The manipulation leads to privilege escalation. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue.
CVE-2020-36543||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in SialWeb CMS. This affects an unknown part of the file /about.php. The manipulation of the argument Id leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36544||A vulnerability has been found in SialWeb CMS and classified as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the component Search Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used.
CVE-2020-36547||A vulnerability was found in GE Voluson S8. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects the Service Browser which itroduces hard-coded credentials. Attacking locally is a requirement. It is recommended to change the configuration settings.
CVE-2020-36548||A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in GE Voluson S8. Affected is the file /uscgi-bin/users.cgi of the Service Browser. The manipulation leads to improper authentication and elevated access possibilities. It is possible to launch the attack on the local host.
CVE-2020-36549||A vulnerability classified as critical was found in GE Voluson S8. Affected is the underlying Windows XP operating system. Missing patches might introduce an excessive attack surface. Access to the local network is required for this attack to succeed.
CVE-2020-36550||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in sourcecodester Multi Restaurant Table Reservation System 1.0 via the Table Name field to /dashboard/table-list.php.
CVE-2020-36551||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in sourcecodester Multi Restaurant Table Reservation System 1.0 via the Item Name field to /dashboard/menu-list.php.
CVE-2020-36552||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in sourcecodester Multi Restaurant Table Reservation System 1.0 via the Made field to /dashboard/menu-list.php.
CVE-2020-36553||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in sourcecodester Multi Restaurant Table Reservation System 1.0 via the Area(food_type) field to /dashboard/menu-list.php.
CVE-2020-36557||A race condition in the Linux kernel before 5.6.2 between the VT_DISALLOCATE ioctl and closing/opening of ttys could lead to a use-after-free.
CVE-2020-36558||A race condition in the Linux kernel before 5.5.7 involving VT_RESIZEX could lead to a NULL pointer dereference and general protection fault.
CVE-2020-36559||Due to improper santization of user input, HTTPEngine.Handle allows for directory traversal, allowing an attacker to read files outside of the target directory that the server has permission to read.
CVE-2020-3656||Out of bound access can happen in MHI command process due to lack of check of command channel id value received from MHI devices in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, Kamorta, MDM9607, MSM8917, MSM8953, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SA6155P, SA8155P, Saipan, SC8180X, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM632, SDM710, SDM845, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36560||Due to improper path santization, archives containing relative file paths can cause files to be written (or overwritten) outside of the target directory.
CVE-2020-36561||Due to improper path santization, archives containing relative file paths can cause files to be written (or overwritten) outside of the target directory.
CVE-2020-36562||Due to unchecked type assertions, maliciously crafted messages can cause panics, which may be used as a denial of service vector.
CVE-2020-36563||XML Digital Signatures generated and validated using this package use SHA-1, which may allow an attacker to craft inputs which cause hash collisions depending on their control over the input.
CVE-2020-36564||Due to improper validation of caller input, validation is silently disabled if the provided expected token is malformed, causing any user supplied token to be considered valid.
CVE-2020-36565||Due to improper sanitization of user input on Windows, the static file handler allows for directory traversal, allowing an attacker to read files outside of the target directory that the server has permission to read.
CVE-2020-36566||Due to improper path santization, archives containing relative file paths can cause files to be written (or overwritten) outside of the target directory.
CVE-2020-36567||Unsanitized input in the default logger in github.com/gin-gonic/gin before v1.6.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary log lines.
CVE-2020-36568||Unsanitized input in the query parser in github.com/revel/revel before v1.0.0 allows remote attackers to cause resource exhaustion via memory allocation.
CVE-2020-36569||Authentication is globally bypassed in github.com/nanobox-io/golang-nanoauth between v0.0.0-20160722212129-ac0cc4484ad4 and v0.0.0-20200131131040-063a3fb69896 if ListenAndServe is called with an empty token.
CVE-2020-3657||u'Remote code execution can happen by sending a carefully crafted POST query when Device configuration is accessed from a tethered client through webserver due to lack of array bound check.' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, IPQ4019, IPQ6018, IPQ8064, IPQ8074, MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, QCA6574AU, QCS405, QCS610, QRB5165, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM8250
CVE-2020-3658||Possible null-pointer dereference can occur while parsing mp4 clip with corrupted sample table atoms in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCA6574AU, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36599||lib/omniauth/failure_endpoint.rb in OmniAuth before 1.9.2 (and before 2.0) does not escape the message_key value.
CVE-2020-3660||Possible null-pointer dereference can occur while parsing mp4 clip with corrupted sample table atoms in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCA6574AU, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36600||Out-of-bounds write vulnerability in the power consumption module. Successful exploitation of this vulnerability may cause the system to restart.
CVE-2020-36601||Out-of-bounds write vulnerability in the kernel modules. Successful exploitation of this vulnerability may cause a panic reboot.
CVE-2020-36602||There is an out-of-bounds read and write vulnerability in some headset products. An unauthenticated attacker gets the device physically and crafts malformed message with specific parameter and sends the message to the affected products. Due to insufficient validation of message, which may be exploited to cause out-of-bounds read and write.
CVE-2020-36603||The HoYoVerse (formerly miHoYo) Genshin Impact mhyprot2.sys 1.0.0.0 anti-cheat driver does not adequately restrict unprivileged function calls, allowing local, unprivileged users to execute arbitrary code with SYSTEM privileges on Microsoft Windows systems. The mhyprot2.sys driver must first be installed by a user with administrative privileges.
CVE-2020-36604||hoek before 8.5.1 and 9.x before 9.0.3 allows prototype poisoning in the clone function.
CVE-2020-36605||Incorrect Default Permissions vulnerability in Hitachi Infrastructure Analytics Advisor on Linux (Analytics probe component), Hitachi Ops Center Analyzer on Linux (Analyzer probe component), Hitachi Ops Center Viewpoint on Linux (Viewpoint RAID Agent component) allows local users to read and write specific files.
CVE-2020-36607||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in FeehiCMS 2.0.8 allows remote attackers to run arbitrary code via tha lang attribute of an html tag.
CVE-2020-36608||A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in Tribal Systems Zenario CMS. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file admin_organizer.js of the component Error Log Module. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is dfd0afacb26c3682a847bea7b49ea440b63f3baa. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-212816.
CVE-2020-36609||A vulnerability was found in annyshow DuxCMS 2.1. It has been classified as problematic. This affects an unknown part of the file admin.php&r=article/AdminContent/edit of the component Article Handler. The manipulation of the argument content leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215115.
CVE-2020-3661||Buffer overflow will happen while parsing mp4 clip with corrupted sample atoms values which exceeds MAX_UINT32 range due to lack of validation checks in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCA6574AU, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36610||A vulnerability was found in annyshow DuxCMS 2.1. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-215116.
CVE-2020-36617||** DISPUTED ** A vulnerability was found in ewxrjk sftpserver. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is the function sftp_parse_path of the file parse.c. The manipulation leads to uninitialized pointer. The real existence of this vulnerability is still doubted at the moment. The name of the patch is bf4032f34832ee11d79aa60a226cc018e7ec5eed. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216205 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: In some deployment models this would be a vulnerability. README specifically warns about avoiding such deployment models.
CVE-2020-36618||A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Furqan node-whois. Affected is an unknown function of the file index.coffee. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The name of the patch is 46ccc2aee8d063c7b6b4dee2c2834113b7286076. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216252.
CVE-2020-36619||A vulnerability was found in multimon-ng. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects the function add_ch of the file demod_flex.c. The manipulation of the argument ch leads to format string. Upgrading to version 1.2.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is e5a51c508ef952e81a6da25b43034dd1ed023c07. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216269 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3662||Buffer overflow can occur while parsing eac3 header while playing the clip which is nonstandard in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCA6574AU, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36620||A vulnerability was found in Brondahl EnumStringValues up to 4.0.0. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects the function GetStringValuesWithPreferences_Uncache of the file EnumStringValues/EnumExtensions.cs. The manipulation leads to resource consumption. Upgrading to version 4.0.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is c0fc7806beb24883cc2f9543ebc50c0820297307. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216466 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36621||A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, has been found in chedabob whatismyudid. Affected by this issue is the function exports.enrollment of the file routes/mobileconfig.js. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be launched remotely. The name of the patch is bb33d4325fba80e7ea68b79121dba025caf6f45f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216470 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36622||A vulnerability was found in sah-comp bienlein and classified as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is d7836a4f2b241e4745ede194f0f6fb47199cab6b. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216473 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36623||A vulnerability was found in Pengu. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is the function runApp of the file src/index.js. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The name of the patch is aea66f12b8cdfc3c8c50ad6a9c89d8307e9d0a91. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216475.
CVE-2020-36624||A vulnerability was found in ahorner text-helpers up to 1.0.x. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file lib/text_helpers/translation.rb. The manipulation of the argument link leads to use of web link to untrusted target with window.opener access. The attack can be initiated remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 184b60ded0e43c985788582aca2d1e746f9405a3. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216520.
CVE-2020-36625||** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in destiny.gg chat. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects the function websocket.Upgrader of the file main.go. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is bebd256fc3063111fb4503ca25e005ebf6e73780. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-216521 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-36626||A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Modern Tribe Panel Builder Plugin. Affected is the function add_post_content_filtered_to_search_sql of the file ModularContent/SearchFilter.php. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is 4528d4f855dbbf24e9fc12a162fda84ce3bedc2f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-216738 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36627||A vulnerability was found in Macaron i18n. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file i18n.go. The manipulation leads to open redirect. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 0.5.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 329b0c4844cc16a5a253c011b55180598e707735. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216745 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36628||A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in Calsign APDE. This affects the function handleExtract of the file APDE/src/main/java/com/calsignlabs/apde/build/dag/CopyBuildTask.java of the component ZIP File Handler. The manipulation leads to path traversal. Upgrading to version 0.5.2-pre2-alpha is able to address this issue. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216747.
CVE-2020-36629||A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SimbCo httpster. This vulnerability affects the function fs.realpathSync of the file src/server.coffee. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The name of the patch is d3055b3e30b40b65d30c5a06d6e053dffa7f35d0. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216748.
CVE-2020-3663||Buffer over-write may occur during fetching track decoder specific information if cb size exceeds buffer size in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCA6574AU, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-36630||A vulnerability was found in FreePBX cdr 14.0. It has been classified as critical. This affects the function ajaxHandler of the file ucp/Cdr.class.php. The manipulation of the argument limit/offset leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version 14.0.5.21 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is f1a9eea2dfff30fb99d825bac194a676a82b9ec8. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216771.
CVE-2020-36631||A vulnerability was found in barronwaffles dwc_network_server_emulator. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects the function update_profile of the file gamespy/gs_database.py. The manipulation of the argument firstname/lastname leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is f70eb21394f75019886fbc2fb536de36161ba422. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216772.
CVE-2020-36632||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in hughsk flat up to 5.0.0. This affects the function unflatten of the file index.js. The manipulation leads to improperly controlled modification of object prototype attributes ('prototype pollution'). It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 5.0.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 20ef0ef55dfa028caddaedbcb33efbdb04d18e13. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-216777 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36633||A vulnerability was found in moodle-block_sitenews 1.0. It has been classified as problematic. This affects the function get_content of the file block_sitenews.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is cd18d8b1afe464ae6626832496f4e070bac4c58f. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216879.
CVE-2020-36634||A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in Indeed Engineering util up to 1.0.33. Affected is the function visit/appendTo of the file varexport/src/main/java/com/indeed/util/varexport/servlet/ViewExportedVariablesServlet.java. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.0.34 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is c0952a9db51a880e9544d9fac2a2218a6bfc9c63. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216882 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36635||A vulnerability was found in OpenMRS Appointment Scheduling Module up to 1.12.x. It has been classified as problematic. This affects the function validateFieldName of the file api/src/main/java/org/openmrs/module/appointmentscheduling/validator/AppointmentTypeValidator.java. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.13.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 34213c3f6ea22df427573076fb62744694f601d8. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-216915.
CVE-2020-36636||A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in OpenMRS Admin UI Module up to 1.4.x. Affected is the function sendErrorMessage of the file omod/src/main/java/org/openmrs/module/adminui/page/controller/systemadmin/accounts/AccountPageController.java of the component Account Setup Handler. The manipulation leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. Upgrading to version 1.5.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 702fbfdac7c4418f23bb5f6452482b4a88020061. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-216918 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36637||** UNSUPPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED **** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Chris92de AdminServ. It has been declared as problematic. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file resources/core/adminserv.php. The manipulation of the argument text leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 3ed17dab3b4d6e8bf1c82ddfbf882314365e9cd7. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217042 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-36638||** UNSUPPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED **** UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED ** A vulnerability was found in Chris92de AdminServ. It has been rated as problematic. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file resources/core/adminserv.php. The manipulation of the argument error leads to cross site scripting. The attack may be initiated remotely. The name of the patch is 9a45087814295de6fb3a3fe38f96293665234da1. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217043. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.
CVE-2020-36639||A vulnerability has been found in AlliedModders AMX Mod X and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects the function cmdVoteMap of the file plugins/adminvote.sma of the component Console Command Handler. The manipulation of the argument amx_votemap leads to path traversal. The name of the patch is a5f2b5539f6d61050b68df8b22ebb343a2862681. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217354 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3664||Out of bound read access in hypervisor due to an invalid read access attempt by passing invalid addresses in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2020-36640||A vulnerability, which was classified as problematic, was found in bonitasoft bonita-connector-webservice up to 1.3.0. This affects the function TransformerConfigurationException of the file src/main/java/org/bonitasoft/connectors/ws/SecureWSConnector.java. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. Upgrading to version 1.3.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is a12ad691c05af19e9061d7949b6b828ce48815d5. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217443.
CVE-2020-36641||A vulnerability classified as problematic was found in gturri aXMLRPC up to 1.12.0. This vulnerability affects the function ResponseParser of the file src/main/java/de/timroes/axmlrpc/ResponseParser.java. The manipulation leads to xml external entity reference. Upgrading to version 1.12.1 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is ad6615b3ec41353e614f6ea5fdd5b046442a832b. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. VDB-217450 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36642||A vulnerability was found in trampgeek jobe up to 1.6.x and classified as critical. This issue affects the function run_in_sandbox of the file application/libraries/LanguageTask.php. The manipulation leads to command injection. Upgrading to version 1.7.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 8f43daf50c943b98eaf0c542da901a4a16e85b02. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217553 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36643||A vulnerability was found in intgr uqm-wasm. It has been classified as critical. This affects the function log_displayBox in the library sc2/src/libs/log/msgbox_macosx.m. The manipulation leads to format string. The name of the patch is 1d5cbf3350a02c423ad6bef6dfd5300d38aa828f. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217563.
CVE-2020-36644||A vulnerability has been found in jamesmartin Inline SVG up to 1.7.1 and classified as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file lib/inline_svg/action_view/helpers.rb of the component URL Parameter Handler. The manipulation of the argument filename leads to cross site scripting. The attack can be launched remotely. Upgrading to version 1.7.2 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is f5363b351508486021f99e083c92068cf2943621. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217597 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36645||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in square squalor. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to sql injection. Upgrading to version v0.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is f6f0a47cc344711042eb0970cb423e6950ba3f93. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-217623.
CVE-2020-36646||A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in MediaArea ZenLib up to 0.4.38. This affects the function Ztring::Date_From_Seconds_1970_Local of the file Source/ZenLib/Ztring.cpp. The manipulation of the argument Value leads to unchecked return value to null pointer dereference. Upgrading to version 0.4.39 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 6475fcccd37c9cf17e0cfe263b5fe0e2e47a8408. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier VDB-217629 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36647||A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in YunoHost-Apps transmission_ynh. Affected is an unknown function of the file conf/nginx.conf. The manipulation leads to path traversal. The name of the patch is f136dfd44eda128129e5fd2d850a3a3c600e6a4a. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. VDB-217638 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36648||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in pouetnet pouet 2.0. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation of the argument howmany leads to sql injection. The name of the patch is 11d615931352066fb2f6dcb07428277c2cd99baf. It is recommended to apply a patch to fix this issue. The identifier VDB-217641 was assigned to this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-36649||A vulnerability was found in mholt PapaParse up to 5.1.x. It has been classified as problematic. Affected is an unknown function of the file papaparse.js. The manipulation leads to inefficient regular expression complexity. Upgrading to version 5.2.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 235a12758cd77266d2e98fd715f53536b34ad621. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218004.
CVE-2020-3665||A possible buffer overflow would occur while processing command from firmware due to the group_id obtained from the firmware being out of range in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9615, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8909W, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, QCA6174A, QCA9377, QCA9379, SDM439, SDM636, SDM660, SDX20, SDX24, SM8150
CVE-2020-36650||A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in IonicaBizau node-gry up to 5.x. This affects an unknown part. The manipulation leads to command injection. Upgrading to version 6.0.0 is able to address this issue. The name of the patch is 5108446c1e23960d65e8b973f1d9486f9f9dbd6c. It is recommended to upgrade the affected component. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-218019.
CVE-2020-3666||u'Out of bounds memory access during memory copy while processing Host command' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, IPQ4019, IPQ6018, IPQ8064, IPQ8074, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, QCA6174A, QCA6574, QCA6574AU, QCA6584AU, QCA8081, QCA9377, QCA9379, QCA9531, QCA9558, QCA9563, QCA9880, QCA9886, QCA9980, QCN5500, QCN5502, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, SA6155P, SDA845, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3667||u'Buffer Overflow in mic calculation for WPA due to copying data into buffer without validating the length of buffer' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8098, IPQ5018, IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCA8081, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, Rennell, SA415M, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3668||u'Buffer overflow while parsing PMF enabled MCBC frames due to frame length being lesser than what is expected while parsing' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCA8081, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, Rennell, SA415M, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3669||u'Buffer Overflow issue in WLAN tcp ip verification due to usage of out of range pointer offset' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8098, IPQ5018, IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCA8081, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, Rennell, SA415M, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3670||u'Potential out of bounds read while processing downlink NAS transport message due to improper length check of Information Element(IEI) NAS message container' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in Agatti, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9625, MDM9635M, MDM9640, MDM9645, MDM9650, MDM9655, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCM6125, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SA415M, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3671||Use-after-free issue could occur due to dangling pointer when generating a frame buffer in OpenGL ES in Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music in APQ8009, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS405, Saipan, SDM845, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3673||u'Buffer overflow can happen as part of SIP message packet processing while storing values in array due to lack of check to validate the index length' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in Agatti, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Bitra, Kamorta, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCA6574AU, QCM2150, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SA6155P, SA8155P, Saipan, SDA660, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3674||Information can leak into userspace due to improper transfer of data from kernel to userspace in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in Nicobar, QCS405, Saipan, SC8180X, SDX55, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3675||u'Potential integer underflow while parsing Service Info and IPv6 link-local TLVs that comes as part of NDPE attribute' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in IPQ5018, IPQ6018, IPQ8074, Kamorta, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, Rennell, SA415M, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250
CVE-2020-3676||Possible memory corruption in perfservice due to improper validation array length taken from user application. in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile in APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, Saipan, SDM429, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3678||u'A buffer overflow could occur if the API is improperly used due to UIE init does not contain a buffer size a param' in Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Agatti, Kamorta, QCS404, QCS605, SDA845, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3679||u'During execution after Address Space Layout Randomization is turned on for QTEE, part of code is still mapped at known address including code segments' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Bitra, Kamorta, Nicobar, QCS404, QCS610, Rennell, SA6155P, SA8155P, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3680||A race condition can occur when using the fastrpc memory mapping API. in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8053, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8953, QCS605, QM215, SA415M, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM632, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX24, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3681||Authenticated and encrypted payload MMEs can be forged and remotely sent to any HPAV2 system using a jailbreak key recoverable from code.
CVE-2020-3682||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3684||u'QSEE reads the access permission policy for the SMEM TOC partition from the SMEM TOC contents populated by XBL Loader and applies them without validation' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Agatti, APQ8009, APQ8098, Bitra, IPQ6018, Kamorta, MDM9150, MDM9205, MDM9206, MDM9607, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, Rennell, SA415M, SA515M, SA6155P, SA8155P, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA660, SDA845, SDM630, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3685||Pointer variable which is freed is not cleared can result in memory corruption and leads to denial of service in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2020-3686||Possible memory out of bound issue during music playback when an incorrect bit stream content is copied into array without checking the length of array in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2020-3687||Local privilege escalation in admin services in Windows environment can occur due to an arbitrary read issue.
CVE-2020-3688||Possible buffer overflow while parsing mp4 clip with corrupted sample atoms due to improper validation of index in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, Kamorta, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996, MSM8996AU, MSM8998, Nicobar, QCA6574AU, QCM2150, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, Rennell, SA6155P, Saipan, SDA660, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3690||u'Due to an incorrect SMMU configuration, the modem crypto engine can potentially compromise the hypervisor' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Agatti, Bitra, Kamorta, Nicobar, QCA6390, QCS404, QCS605, QCS610, Rennell, SA415M, SA515M, SA6155P, SA8155P, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3691||Possible out of bound memory access in audio due to integer underflow while processing modified contents in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking
CVE-2020-3692||u'Possible buffer overflow while updating output buffer for IMEI and Gateway Address due to lack of check of input validation for parameters received from server' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile in Agatti, Kamorta, Nicobar, QCM6125, QCS610, Rennell, SA415M, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3693||u'Use out of range pointer issue can occur due to incorrect buffer range check during the execution of qseecom.' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8098, Bitra, MSM8909W, MSM8996AU, Nicobar, QCM2150, QCS605, Saipan, SDM429W, SDX20, SM6150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3694||u'Use out of range pointer issue can occur due to incorrect buffer range check during the execution of qseecom' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music in Bitra, Nicobar, Saipan, SM6150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3695||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3696||u'Use after free while installing new security rule in ipcrtr as old one is deleted and this rule could still be in use for checking security permission for particular process' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, IPQ4019, IPQ6018, IPQ8064, IPQ8074, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8996AU, QCA4531, QCA6574AU, QCA9531, QCM2150, QCS605, SDM429W, SDX20, SDX24
CVE-2020-3697||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3698||Out of bound write while QoS DSCP mapping due to improper input validation for data received from association response frame in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, APQ8098, MDM9150, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, Nicobar, QCA6174A, QCA6574AU, QCA9377, QCA9379, QCM2150, QCN7605, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, SA6155P, Saipan, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SDX55, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3699||Possible out of bound access while processing assoc response from host due to improper length check before copying into buffer in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables in APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, APQ8096AU, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8905, MSM8909W, MSM8917, MSM8920, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, MSM8996AU, Nicobar, QCA6174A, QCA6574AU, QCA9377, QCA9379, QCM2150, QCN7605, QCS405, QCS605, QM215, SA6155P, Saipan, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM429, SDM429W, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM845, SDX20, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3700||Possible out of bounds read due to a missing bounds check and could lead to local information disclosure in the wifi driver with no additional execution privileges needed in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8053, APQ8096AU, IPQ4019, IPQ8064, IPQ8074, MDM9607, MSM8909W, MSM8996AU, QCA6574AU, QCA9531, QCA9558, QCA9980, SC8180X, SDM439, SDX55, SM8150, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3701||Use after free issue while processing error notification from camx driver due to not properly releasing the sequence data in Snapdragon Mobile in Saipan, SM8250, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3702||u'Specifically timed and handcrafted traffic can cause internal errors in a WLAN device that lead to improper layer 2 Wi-Fi encryption with a consequent possibility of information disclosure over the air for a discrete set of traffic' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wearables, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in APQ8053, IPQ4019, IPQ8064, MSM8909W, MSM8996AU, QCA9531, QCN5502, QCS405, SDX20, SM6150, SM7150
CVE-2020-3703||u'Buffer over-read issue in Bluetooth peripheral firmware due to lack of check for invalid opcode and length of opcode received from central device(This CVE is equivalent to Link Layer Length Overfow issue (CVE-2019-16336,CVE-2019-17519) and Silent Length Overflow issue(CVE-2019-17518) mentioned in sweyntooth paper)' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music in APQ8053, APQ8076, AR9344, Bitra, Kamorta, MDM9206, MDM9207C, MDM9607, MSM8905, MSM8917, MSM8937, MSM8940, MSM8953, Nicobar, QCA6174A, QCA9377, QCM2150, QCM6125, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, QM215, Rennell, SC8180X, SDM429, SDM439, SDM450, SDM630, SDM632, SDM636, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDX20, SDX24, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SXR1130
CVE-2020-3704||u'While processing invalid connection request PDU which is nonstandard (interval or timeout is 0) from central device may lead peripheral system enter into dead lock state.(This CVE is equivalent to InvalidConnectionRequest(CVE-2019-19193) mentioned in sweyntooth paper)' in Snapdragon Auto, Snapdragon Compute, Snapdragon Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer Electronics Connectivity, Snapdragon Consumer IOT, Snapdragon Industrial IOT, Snapdragon IoT, Snapdragon Mobile, Snapdragon Voice & Music, Snapdragon Wired Infrastructure and Networking in Agatti, APQ8009, APQ8017, APQ8053, AR9344, Bitra, IPQ5018, Kamorta, MDM9607, MDM9640, MDM9650, MSM8996AU, Nicobar, QCA6174A, QCA6390, QCA6574AU, QCA9377, QCA9886, QCM6125, QCN7605, QCS404, QCS405, QCS605, QCS610, QRB5165, Rennell, SA415M, SA515M, Saipan, SC7180, SC8180X, SDA845, SDM660, SDM670, SDM710, SDM845, SDM850, SDX20, SDX24, SDX55, SM6150, SM7150, SM8150, SM8250, SXR1130, SXR2130
CVE-2020-3705||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3706||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3707||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3708||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3709||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3710||Adobe Illustrator CC versions 24.0 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3711||Adobe Illustrator CC versions 24.0 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3712||Adobe Illustrator CC versions 24.0 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3713||Adobe Illustrator CC versions 24.0 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3714||Adobe Illustrator CC versions 24.0 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3715||Magento versions 2.3.3 and earlier, 2.2.10 and earlier, 1.14.4.3 and earlier, and 1.9.4.3 and earlier have a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to sensitive information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3716||Magento versions 2.3.3 and earlier, 2.2.10 and earlier, 1.14.4.3 and earlier, and 1.9.4.3 and earlier have a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3717||Magento versions 2.3.3 and earlier, 2.2.10 and earlier, 1.14.4.3 and earlier, and 1.9.4.3 and earlier have a path traversal vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to sensitive information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3718||Magento versions 2.3.3 and earlier, 2.2.10 and earlier, 1.14.4.3 and earlier, and 1.9.4.3 and earlier have a security bypass vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3719||Magento versions 2.3.3 and earlier, 2.2.10 and earlier, 1.14.4.3 and earlier, and 1.9.4.3 and earlier have an sql injection vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to sensitive information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3720||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3721||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3722||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3723||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3724||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3725||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3726||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3727||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3728||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3729||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3730||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3731||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have a heap overflow vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3732||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3733||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3734||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have a buffer error vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3735||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have a heap overflow vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3736||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3737||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3738||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3739||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3740||Adobe Framemaker versions 2019.0.4 and below have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3741||Adobe Experience Manager versions 6.5, and 6.4 have an uncontrolled resource consumption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to denial-of-service.
CVE-2020-3742||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions, 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have a heap overflow vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3743||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an use after free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3744||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure .
CVE-2020-3745||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an use after free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3746||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an use after free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3747||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure .
CVE-2020-3748||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an use after free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3749||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an use after free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3750||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an use after free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3751||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an use after free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3752||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have a buffer error vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3753||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have a stack exhaustion vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to memory leak .
CVE-2020-3754||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have a buffer error vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3755||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure .
CVE-2020-3756||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have a stack exhaustion vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to memory leak .
CVE-2020-3757||Adobe Flash Player versions 32.0.0.321 and earlier, 32.0.0.314 and earlier, 32.0.0.321 and earlier, and 32.0.0.255 and earlier have a type confusion vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3758||Magento versions 2.3.3 and earlier, 2.2.10 and earlier, 1.14.4.3 and earlier, and 1.9.4.3 and earlier have a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to sensitive information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3759||Adobe Digital Editions versions 4.5.10 and below have a buffer errors vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3760||Adobe Digital Editions versions 4.5.10 and below have a command injection vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3761||ColdFusion versions ColdFusion 2016, and ColdFusion 2018 have a remote file read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary file read from the coldfusion install directory.
CVE-2020-3762||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have a privilege escalation vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary file system write.
CVE-2020-3763||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2019.021.20061 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, 2017.011.30156 and earlier, and 2015.006.30508 and earlier have a privilege escalation vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary file system write.
CVE-2020-3764||Adobe Media Encoder versions 14.0 and earlier have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3765||Adobe After Effects versions 16.1.2 and earlier have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3766||Adobe Genuine Integrity Service versions Version 6.4 and earlier have an insecure file permissions vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to privilege escalation.
CVE-2020-3767||ColdFusion versions ColdFusion 2016, and ColdFusion 2018 have an insufficient input validation vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to application-level denial-of-service (dos).
CVE-2020-3768||ColdFusion versions ColdFusion 2016, and ColdFusion 2018 have a dll search-order hijacking vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to privilege escalation.
CVE-2020-3769||Adobe Experience Manager versions 6.5 and earlier have a server-side request forgery (ssrf) vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to sensitive information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3770||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a buffer errors vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3771||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3772||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a buffer errors vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3773||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3774||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a buffer errors vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3775||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a buffer errors vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3776||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a buffer errors vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3777||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3778||Adobe Photoshop versions Photoshop CC 2019, and Photoshop 2020 have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3779||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3780||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a buffer errors vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3781||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3782||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3783||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a heap corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3784||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3785||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3786||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3787||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3788||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3789||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3790||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3791||Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 versions 20.0.8 and earlier, and Photoshop 2020 versions 21.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3792||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a use-after-free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3793||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a use-after-free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3794||ColdFusion versions ColdFusion 2016, and ColdFusion 2018 have a file inclusion vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution of files located in the webroot or its subdirectory.
CVE-2020-3795||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have an out-of-bounds write vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3796||ColdFusion versions ColdFusion 2016, and ColdFusion 2018 have an improper access control vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to system file structure disclosure.
CVE-2020-3797||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a memory corruption vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3798||Adobe Digital Editions versions 4.5.11.187212 and below have a file enumeration (host or local network) vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-3799||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3800||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a memory address leak vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure .
CVE-2020-3801||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a use-after-free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3802||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a use-after-free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3803||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have an insecure library loading (dll hijacking) vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to privilege escalation.
CVE-2020-3804||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure .
CVE-2020-3805||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a use-after-free vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3806||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure .
CVE-2020-3807||Adobe Acrobat and Reader versions 2020.006.20034 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2017.011.30158 and earlier, 2015.006.30510 and earlier, and 2015.006.30510 and earlier have a buffer overflow vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution .
CVE-2020-3808||Creative Cloud Desktop Application versions 5.0 and earlier have a time-of-check to time-of-use (toctou) race condition vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary file deletion.
CVE-2020-3809||Adobe After Effects versions 17.0.1 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure .
CVE-2020-3810||Missing input validation in the ar/tar implementations of APT before version 2.1.2 could result in denial of service when processing specially crafted deb files.
CVE-2020-3811||qmail-verify as used in netqmail 1.06 is prone to a mail-address verification bypass vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3812||qmail-verify as used in netqmail 1.06 is prone to an information disclosure vulnerability. A local attacker can test for the existence of files and directories anywhere in the filesystem because qmail-verify runs as root and tests for the existence of files in the attacker's home directory, without dropping its privileges first.
CVE-2020-3813||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3814||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3815||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3816||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3817||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3818||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3819||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3820||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3821||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3822||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3823||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3824||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-3825||Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, tvOS 13.3.1, Safari 13.0.5, iTunes for Windows 12.10.4, iCloud for Windows 11.0, iCloud for Windows 7.17. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3826||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2, iTunes for Windows 12.10.4, iCloud for Windows 11.0, iCloud for Windows 7.17. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3827||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. Viewing a maliciously crafted JPEG file may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3828||A lock screen issue allowed access to contacts on a locked device. This issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to access contacts from the lock screen.
CVE-2020-3829||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to gain elevated privileges.
CVE-2020-3830||A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks. This issue was addressed with improved validation of symlinks. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. A malicious application may be able to overwrite arbitrary files.
CVE-2020-3831||A race condition was addressed with improved locking. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3833||An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in Safari 13.0.5. Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing.
CVE-2020-3834||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3835||A validation issue existed in the handling of symlinks. This issue was addressed with improved validation of symlinks. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. A malicious application may be able to access restricted files.
CVE-2020-3836||An access issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. A malicious application may be able to determine kernel memory layout.
CVE-2020-3837||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3838||The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2020-3839||A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. An application may be able to read restricted memory.
CVE-2020-3840||An off by one issue existed in the handling of racoon configuration files. This issue was addressed through improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1. Loading a maliciously crafted racoon configuration file may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3841||The issue was addressed with improved UI handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, Safari 13.0.5. A local user may unknowingly send a password unencrypted over the network.
CVE-2020-3842||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3843||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 12.4.7, watchOS 5.3.7. A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected system termination or corrupt kernel memory.
CVE-2020-3844||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. Users removed from an iMessage conversation may still be able to alter state.
CVE-2020-3845||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2020-3846||A buffer overflow was addressed with improved size validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2, iTunes for Windows 12.10.4, iCloud for Windows 11.0, iCloud for Windows 7.17. Processing maliciously crafted XML may lead to an unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3847||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. A remote attacker may be able to leak memory.
CVE-2020-3848||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3849||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3850||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3851||A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4, Security Update 2020-002 Mojave, Security Update 2020-002 High Sierra, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, Security Update 2020-001 Mojave, Security Update 2020-001 High Sierra. An application may be able to gain elevated privileges.
CVE-2020-3852||A logic issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in Safari 13.0.5. A URL scheme may be incorrectly ignored when determining multimedia permission for a website.
CVE-2020-3853||A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2020-3854||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2020-3855||An access issue was addressed with improved access restrictions. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3, Security Update 2020-001 Mojave, Security Update 2020-001 High Sierra. A malicious application may be able to overwrite arbitrary files.
CVE-2020-3856||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. Processing a maliciously crafted string may lead to heap corruption.
CVE-2020-3857||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2020-3858||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3859||An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. A person with physical access to an iOS device may be able to access contacts from the lock screen.
CVE-2020-3860||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3861||The issue was addressed with improved permissions logic. This issue is fixed in iTunes for Windows 12.10.4. A user may gain access to protected parts of the file system.
CVE-2020-3862||A denial of service issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, tvOS 13.3.1, Safari 13.0.5, iTunes for Windows 12.10.4, iCloud for Windows 11.0, iCloud for Windows 7.17. A malicious website may be able to cause a denial of service.
CVE-2020-3863||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3, Security Update 2020-001 Mojave, Security Update 2020-001 High Sierra. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2020-3864||A logic issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in iCloud for Windows 7.17, iTunes 12.10.4 for Windows, iCloud for Windows 10.9.2, tvOS 13.3.1, Safari 13.0.5, iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. A DOM object context may not have had a unique security origin.
CVE-2020-3865||Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, tvOS 13.3.1, Safari 13.0.5, iTunes for Windows 12.10.4, iCloud for Windows 11.0, iCloud for Windows 7.17. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3866||This was addressed with additional checks by Gatekeeper on files mounted through a network share. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. Searching for and opening a file from an attacker controlled NFS mount may bypass Gatekeeper.
CVE-2020-3867||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, tvOS 13.3.1, Safari 13.0.5, iTunes for Windows 12.10.4, iCloud for Windows 11.0, iCloud for Windows 7.17. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to universal cross site scripting.
CVE-2020-3868||Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, tvOS 13.3.1, Safari 13.0.5, iTunes for Windows 12.10.4, iCloud for Windows 11.0, iCloud for Windows 7.17. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3869||An issue existed in the handling of the local user's self-view. The issue was corrected with improved logic. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. A remote FaceTime user may be able to cause the local user's camera self-view to display the incorrect camera.
CVE-2020-3870||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3871||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3872||A memory initialization issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to read restricted memory.
CVE-2020-3873||This issue was addressed with improved setting propagation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. Turning off "Load remote content in messages may not apply to all mail previews.
CVE-2020-3874||An issued existed in the naming of screenshots. The issue was corrected with improved naming. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1. Screenshots of the Messages app may reveal additional message content.
CVE-2020-3875||A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, tvOS 13.3.1, watchOS 6.1.2. An application may be able to read restricted memory.
CVE-2020-3877||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.3, watchOS 6.1.2. A remote attacker may be able to cause unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3878||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.5 and iPadOS 13.5, macOS Catalina 10.15.5, tvOS 13.4.5, watchOS 6.2.5, iTunes 12.10.7 for Windows, iCloud for Windows 11.2, iCloud for Windows 7.19. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3880||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in watchOS 6.1.2, iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1, tvOS 13.3.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.3, Security Update 2020-001 Mojave, Security Update 2020-001 High Sierra. Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3881||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A local user may be able to view sensitive user information.
CVE-2020-3882||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.5. Importing a maliciously crafted calendar invitation may exfiltrate user information.
CVE-2020-3883||This issue was addressed with improved checks. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2. An application may be able to use arbitrary entitlements.
CVE-2020-3884||An injection issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary javascript code execution.
CVE-2020-3885||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. A file URL may be incorrectly processed.
CVE-2020-3886||A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4, Security Update 2020-002 Mojave, Security Update 2020-002 High Sierra. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3887||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. A download's origin may be incorrectly associated.
CVE-2020-3888||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4. A maliciously crafted page may interfere with other web contexts.
CVE-2020-3889||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A local user may be able to read arbitrary files.
CVE-2020-3890||The issue was addressed with improved deletion. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4. Deleted messages groups may still be suggested as an autocompletion.
CVE-2020-3891||A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2. A person with physical access to a locked iOS device may be able to respond to messages even when replies are disabled.
CVE-2020-3892||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3893||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3894||A race condition was addressed with additional validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. An application may be able to read restricted memory.
CVE-2020-3895||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3896||This issue was addressed by removing the vulnerable code. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4, Security Update 2020-002 Mojave, Security Update 2020-002 High Sierra. A malicious application may be able to overwrite arbitrary files.
CVE-2020-3897||A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3898||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. An application may be able to gain elevated privileges.
CVE-2020-3899||A memory consumption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. A remote attacker may be able to cause arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3900||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3901||A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2020-3902||An input validation issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, Safari 13.1, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a cross site scripting attack.
CVE-2020-3903||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with system privileges.
CVE-2020-3904||Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3905||A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3906||A logic issue was addressed with improved restrictions. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A maliciously crafted application may be able to bypass code signing enforcement.
CVE-2020-3907||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A local user may be able to cause unexpected system termination or read kernel memory.
CVE-2020-3908||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A local user may be able to cause unexpected system termination or read kernel memory.
CVE-2020-3909||A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. Multiple issues in libxml2.
CVE-2020-3910||A buffer overflow was addressed with improved size validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. Multiple issues in libxml2.
CVE-2020-3911||A buffer overflow was addressed with improved bounds checking. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, iTunes for Windows 12.10.5, iCloud for Windows 10.9.3, iCloud for Windows 7.18. Multiple issues in libxml2.
CVE-2020-3912||An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A local user may be able to cause unexpected system termination or read kernel memory.
CVE-2020-3913||A permissions issue existed. This issue was addressed with improved permission validation. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, watchOS 6.2. A malicious application may be able to elevate privileges.
CVE-2020-3914||A memory initialization issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2. An application may be able to read restricted memory.
CVE-2020-3915||A path handling issue was addressed with improved validation. This issue is fixed in macOS Catalina 10.15.4. A malicious application may be able to overwrite arbitrary files.
CVE-2020-3916||An access issue was addressed with additional sandbox restrictions. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2. Setting an alternate app icon may disclose a photo without needing permission to access photos.
CVE-2020-3917||This issue was addressed with a new entitlement. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2. An application may be able to use an SSH client provided by private frameworks.
CVE-2020-3918||An access issue was addressed with additional sandbox restrictions. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2. A local user may be able to view sensitive user information.
CVE-2020-3919||A memory initialization issue was addressed with improved memory handling. This issue is fixed in iOS 13.4 and iPadOS 13.4, macOS Catalina 10.15.4, tvOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2. A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges.
CVE-2020-3920||UltraLog Express device management interface does not properly perform access authentication in some specific pages/functions. Any user can access the privileged page to manage accounts through specific system directory.
CVE-2020-3921||UltraLog Express device management software stores users information in cleartext. Any user can obtain accounts information through a specific page.
CVE-2020-3922||LisoMail, by ArmorX, allows SQL Injections, attackers can access the database without authentication via a URL parameter manipulation.
CVE-2020-3923||DVR firmware in TAT-76 and TAT-77 series of products, provided by TONNET, contain misconfigured authentication mechanism. Attackers can crack the default password and gain access to the system.
CVE-2020-3924||DVR firmware in TAT-76 and TAT-77 series of products, provided by TONNET do not properly verify patch files. Attackers can inject a specific command into a patch file and gain access to the system.
CVE-2020-3925||A Remote Code Execution(RCE) vulnerability exists in some designated applications in ServiSign security plugin, as long as the interface is captured, attackers are able to launch RCE and executes arbitrary command on target system via malicious crafted scripts.
CVE-2020-3926||An arbitrary-file-access vulnerability exists in ServiSign security plugin, as long as the attackers learn the specific API function, they may access arbitrary files on target system via crafted API parameter.
CVE-2020-3927||An arbitrary-file-access vulnerability exists in ServiSign security plugin, as long as the attackers learn the specific API function, they may access arbitrary files on target system via crafted API parameter.
CVE-2020-3928||GeoVision Door Access Control device family is hardcoded with a root password, which adopting an identical password in all devices.
CVE-2020-3929||GeoVision Door Access Control device family employs shared cryptographic private keys for SSH and HTTPS. Attackers may conduct MITM attack with the derived keys and plaintext recover of encrypted messages.
CVE-2020-3930||GeoVision Door Access Control device family improperly stores and controls access to system logs, any users can read these logs.
CVE-2020-3931||Buffer overflow exists in Geovision Door Access Control device family, an unauthenticated remote attacker can execute arbitrary command.
CVE-2020-3932||A vulnerable SNMP in Draytek VigorAP910C cannot be disabled, which may cause information leakage.
CVE-2020-3933||TAIWAN SECOM CO., LTD., a Door Access Control and Personnel Attendance Management system, allows attackers to enumerate and exam user account in the system.
CVE-2020-3934||TAIWAN SECOM CO., LTD., a Door Access Control and Personnel Attendance Management system, contains a vulnerability of Pre-auth SQL Injection, allowing attackers to inject a specific SQL command.
CVE-2020-3935||TAIWAN SECOM CO., LTD., a Door Access Control and Personnel Attendance Management system, stores users information by cleartext in the cookie, which divulges password to attackers.
CVE-2020-3936||UltraLog Express device management interface does not properly filter user inputted string in some specific parameters, attackers can inject arbitrary SQL command.
CVE-2020-3937||SQL Injection in SysJust Syuan-Gu-Da-Shih, versions before 20191223, allowing attackers to perform unwanted SQL queries and access arbitrary file in the database.
CVE-2020-3938||SysJust Syuan-Gu-Da-Shih, versions before 20191223, contain vulnerability of Request Forgery, allowing attackers to launch inquiries into network architecture or system files of the server via forged inquests.
CVE-2020-3939||SysJust Syuan-Gu-Da-Shih, versions before 20191223, contain vulnerability of Cross-Site Scripting(XSS), personal information may be leaked to attackers via the vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3940||VMware Workspace ONE SDK and dependent mobile application updates address sensitive information disclosure vulnerability.
CVE-2020-3941||The repair operation of VMware Tools for Windows 10.x.y has a race condition which may allow for privilege escalation in the Virtual Machine where Tools is installed. This vulnerability is not present in VMware Tools 11.x.y since the affected functionality is not present in VMware Tools 11.
CVE-2020-3943||vRealize Operations for Horizon Adapter (6.7.x prior to 6.7.1 and 6.6.x prior to 6.6.1) uses a JMX RMI service which is not securely configured. An unauthenticated remote attacker who has network access to vRealize Operations, with the Horizon Adapter running, may be able to execute arbitrary code in vRealize Operations.
CVE-2020-3944||vRealize Operations for Horizon Adapter (6.7.x prior to 6.7.1 and 6.6.x prior to 6.6.1) has an improper trust store configuration leading to authentication bypass. An unauthenticated remote attacker who has network access to vRealize Operations, with the Horizon Adapter running, may be able to bypass Adapter authentication.
CVE-2020-3945||vRealize Operations for Horizon Adapter (6.7.x prior to 6.7.1 and 6.6.x prior to 6.6.1) contains an information disclosure vulnerability due to incorrect pairing implementation between the vRealize Operations for Horizon Adapter and Horizon View. An unauthenticated remote attacker who has network access to vRealize Operations, with the Horizon Adapter running, may obtain sensitive information
CVE-2020-3946||InstallBuilder AutoUpdate tool and regular installers enabling <checkForUpdates> built with versions earlier than 19.11 are vulnerable to Billion laughs attack (denial-of-service).
CVE-2020-3947||VMware Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2) and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2) contain a use-after vulnerability in vmnetdhcp. Successful exploitation of this issue may lead to code execution on the host from the guest or may allow attackers to create a denial-of-service condition of the vmnetdhcp service running on the host machine.
CVE-2020-3948||Linux Guest VMs running on VMware Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2) and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2) contain a local privilege escalation vulnerability due to improper file permissions in Cortado Thinprint. Local attackers with non-administrative access to a Linux guest VM with virtual printing enabled may exploit this issue to elevate their privileges to root on the same guest VM.
CVE-2020-3950||VMware Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2), VMware Remote Console for Mac (11.x and prior before 11.0.1) and Horizon Client for Mac (5.x and prior before 5.4.0) contain a privilege escalation vulnerability due to improper use of setuid binaries. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow attackers with normal user privileges to escalate their privileges to root on the system where Fusion, VMRC or Horizon Client is installed.
CVE-2020-3951||VMware Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2) and Horizon Client for Windows (5.x and prior before 5.4.0) contain a denial-of-service vulnerability due to a heap-overflow issue in Cortado Thinprint. Attackers with non-administrative access to a guest VM with virtual printing enabled may exploit this issue to create a denial-of-service condition of the Thinprint service running on the system where Workstation or Horizon Client is installed.
CVE-2020-3952||Under certain conditions, vmdir that ships with VMware vCenter Server, as part of an embedded or external Platform Services Controller (PSC), does not correctly implement access controls.
CVE-2020-3953||Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in VMware vRealize Log Insight prior to 8.1.0 due to improper Input validation.
CVE-2020-3954||Open Redirect vulnerability exists in VMware vRealize Log Insight prior to 8.1.0 due to improper Input validation.
CVE-2020-3955||ESXi 6.5 without patch ESXi650-201912104-SG and ESXi 6.7 without patch ESXi670-202004103-SG do not properly neutralize script-related HTML when viewing virtual machines attributes. VMware has evaluated the severity of this issue to be in the Important severity range with a maximum CVSSv3 base score of 8.3.
CVE-2020-3956||VMware Cloud Director 10.0.x before 10.0.0.2, 9.7.0.x before 9.7.0.5, 9.5.0.x before 9.5.0.6, and 9.1.0.x before 9.1.0.4 do not properly handle input leading to a code injection vulnerability. An authenticated actor may be able to send malicious traffic to VMware Cloud Director which may lead to arbitrary remote code execution. This vulnerability can be exploited through the HTML5- and Flex-based UIs, the API Explorer interface and API access.
CVE-2020-3957||VMware Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5), VMware Remote Console for Mac (11.x and prior) and VMware Horizon Client for Mac (5.x and prior) contain a local privilege escalation vulnerability due to a Time-of-check Time-of-use (TOCTOU) issue in the service opener. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow attackers with normal user privileges to escalate their privileges to root on the system where Fusion, VMRC and Horizon Client are installed.
CVE-2020-3958||VMware ESXi (6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), VMware Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2) and VMware Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2) contain a denial-of-service vulnerability in the shader functionality. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow attackers with non-administrative access to a virtual machine to crash the virtual machine's vmx process leading to a denial of service condition.
CVE-2020-3959||VMware ESXi (6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), VMware Workstation (15.x before 15.1.0) and VMware Fusion (11.x before 11.1.0) contain a memory leak vulnerability in the VMCI module. A malicious actor with local non-administrative access to a virtual machine may be able to crash the virtual machine's vmx process leading to a partial denial of service.
CVE-2020-3960||VMware ESXi (6.7 before ESXi670-202006401-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.5), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5) contain an out-of-bounds read vulnerability in NVMe functionality. A malicious actor with local non-administrative access to a virtual machine with a virtual NVMe controller present may be able to read privileged information contained in physical memory.
CVE-2020-3961||VMware Horizon Client for Windows (prior to 5.4.3) contains a privilege escalation vulnerability due to folder permission configuration and unsafe loading of libraries. A local user on the system where the software is installed may exploit this issue to run commands as any user.
CVE-2020-3962||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.5), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5) contain a use-after-free vulnerability in the SVGA device. A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine with 3D graphics enabled may be able to exploit this vulnerability to execute code on the hypervisor from a virtual machine.
CVE-2020-3963||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202006401-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2) contain a use-after-free vulnerability in PVNVRAM. A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine may be able to read privileged information contained in physical memory.
CVE-2020-3964||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202006401-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2) contain an information leak in the EHCI USB controller. A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine may be able to read privileged information contained in the hypervisor's memory. Additional conditions beyond the attacker's control need to be present for exploitation to be possible.
CVE-2020-3965||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202006401-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2) contain an information leak in the XHCI USB controller. A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine may be able to read privileged information contained in hypervisor memory from a virtual machine.
CVE-2020-3966||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.2), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.2) contain a heap-overflow due to a race condition issue in the USB 2.0 controller (EHCI). A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit this vulnerability to execute code on the hypervisor from a virtual machine. Additional conditions beyond the attacker's control must be present for exploitation to be possible.
CVE-2020-3967||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.5), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5) contain a heap-overflow vulnerability in the USB 2.0 controller (EHCI). A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit this vulnerability to execute code on the hypervisor from a virtual machine. Additional conditions beyond the attacker's control must be present for exploitation to be possible.
CVE-2020-3968||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.5), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5) contain an out-of-bounds write vulnerability in the USB 3.0 controller (xHCI). A malicious actor with local administrative privileges on a virtual machine may be able to exploit this issue to crash the virtual machine's vmx process leading to a denial of service condition or execute code on the hypervisor from a virtual machine. Additional conditions beyond the attacker's control must be present for exploitation to be possible.
CVE-2020-3969||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.5), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5) contain an off-by-one heap-overflow vulnerability in the SVGA device. A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine with 3D graphics enabled may be able to exploit this vulnerability to execute code on the hypervisor from a virtual machine. Additional conditions beyond the attacker's control must be present for exploitation to be possible.
CVE-2020-3970||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.0-1.20.16321839, 6.7 before ESXi670-202004101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-202005401-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.5), and Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5) contain an out-of-bounds read vulnerability in the Shader functionality. A malicious actor with non-administrative local access to a virtual machine with 3D graphics enabled may be able to exploit this vulnerability to crash the virtual machine's vmx process leading to a partial denial of service condition.
CVE-2020-3971||VMware ESXi (6.7 before ESXi670-201904101-SG and 6.5 before ESXi650-201907101-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.0.2), and Fusion (11.x before 11.0.2) contain a heap overflow vulnerability in the vmxnet3 virtual network adapter. A malicious actor with local access to a virtual machine with a vmxnet3 network adapter present may be able to read privileged information contained in physical memory.
CVE-2020-3972||VMware Tools for macOS (11.x.x and prior before 11.1.1) contains a denial-of-service vulnerability in the Host-Guest File System (HGFS) implementation. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow attackers with non-admin privileges on guest macOS virtual machines to create a denial-of-service condition on their own VMs.
CVE-2020-3973||The VeloCloud Orchestrator does not apply correct input validation which allows for blind SQL-injection. A malicious actor with tenant access to Velocloud Orchestrator could enter specially crafted SQL queries and obtain data to which they are not privileged.
CVE-2020-3974||VMware Fusion (11.x before 11.5.5), VMware Remote Console for Mac (11.x and prior before 11.2.0 ) and Horizon Client for Mac (5.x and prior before 5.4.3) contain a privilege escalation vulnerability due to improper XPC Client validation. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow attackers with normal user privileges to escalate their privileges to root on the system where Fusion, VMware Remote Console for Mac or Horizon Client for Mac is installed.
CVE-2020-3975||VMware App Volumes 2.x prior to 2.18.6 and VMware App Volumes 4 prior to 2006 contain a Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability. A malicious actor with access to create and edit applications or create storage groups, may be able to inject malicious script which will be executed by a victim's browser when viewing.
CVE-2020-3976||VMware ESXi and vCenter Server contain a partial denial of service vulnerability in their respective authentication services. VMware has evaluated the severity of this issue to be in the Moderate severity range with a maximum CVSSv3 base score of 5.3.
CVE-2020-3977||VMware Horizon DaaS (7.x and 8.x before 8.0.1 Update 1) contains a broken authentication vulnerability due to a flaw in the way it handled the first factor authentication. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow an attacker to bypass two-factor authentication process. In order to exploit this issue, an attacker must have a legitimate account on Horizon DaaS.
CVE-2020-3979||InstallBuilder for Qt Windows (versions prior to 20.7.0) installers look for plugins at a predictable location at initialization time, writable by non-admin users. While those plugins are not required, they are loaded if present, which could allow an attacker to plant a malicious library which could result in code execution with the security scope of the installer.
CVE-2020-3980||VMware Fusion (11.x) contains a privilege escalation vulnerability due to the way it allows configuring the system wide path. An attacker with normal user privileges may exploit this issue to trick an admin user into executing malicious code on the system where Fusion is installed.
CVE-2020-3981||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.1-0.0.16850804, 6.7 before ESXi670-202008101-SG, 6.5 before ESXi650-202007101-SG), Workstation (15.x), Fusion (11.x before 11.5.6) contain an out-of-bounds read vulnerability due to a time-of-check time-of-use issue in ACPI device. A malicious actor with administrative access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit this issue to leak memory from the vmx process.
CVE-2020-3982||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.1-0.0.16850804, 6.7 before ESXi670-202008101-SG, 6.5 before ESXi650-202007101-SG), Workstation (15.x), Fusion (11.x before 11.5.6) contain an out-of-bounds write vulnerability due to a time-of-check time-of-use issue in ACPI device. A malicious actor with administrative access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit this vulnerability to crash the virtual machine's vmx process or corrupt hypervisor's memory heap.
CVE-2020-3984||The SD-WAN Orchestrator 3.3.2 prior to 3.3.2 P3 and 3.4.x prior to 3.4.4 does not apply correct input validation which allows for SQL-injection. An authenticated SD-WAN Orchestrator user may exploit a vulnerable API call using specially crafted SQL queries which may lead to unauthorized data access.
CVE-2020-3985||The SD-WAN Orchestrator 3.3.2 prior to 3.3.2 P3 and 3.4.x prior to 3.4.4 allows an access to set arbitrary authorization levels leading to a privilege escalation issue. An authenticated SD-WAN Orchestrator user may exploit an application weakness and call a vulnerable API to elevate their privileges.
CVE-2020-3986||VMware Workstation (15.x) and Horizon Client for Windows (5.x before 5.4.4) contain an out-of-bounds read vulnerability in Cortado ThinPrint component (EMF Parser). A malicious actor with normal access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit these issues to create a partial denial-of-service condition or to leak memory from TPView process running on the system where Workstation or Horizon Client for Windows is installed.
CVE-2020-3987||VMware Workstation (15.x) and Horizon Client for Windows (5.x before 5.4.4) contain an out-of-bounds read vulnerability in Cortado ThinPrint component (EMR STRETCHDIBITS parser). A malicious actor with normal access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit these issues to create a partial denial-of-service condition or to leak memory from TPView process running on the system where Workstation or Horizon Client for Windows is installed.
CVE-2020-3988||VMware Workstation (15.x) and Horizon Client for Windows (5.x before 5.4.4) contain an out-of-bounds read vulnerability in Cortado ThinPrint component (JPEG2000 parser). A malicious actor with normal access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit these issues to create a partial denial-of-service condition or to leak memory from TPView process running on the system where Workstation or Horizon Client for Windows is installed.
CVE-2020-3989||VMware Workstation (15.x) and Horizon Client for Windows (5.x before 5.4.4) contain a denial of service vulnerability due to an out-of-bounds write issue in Cortado ThinPrint component. A malicious actor with normal access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit this issue to create a partial denial-of-service condition on the system where Workstation or Horizon Client for Windows is installed. Exploitation is only possible if virtual printing has been enabled. This feature is not enabled by default on Workstation but it is enabled by default on Horizon Client.
CVE-2020-3990||VMware Workstation (15.x) and Horizon Client for Windows (5.x before 5.4.4) contain an information disclosure vulnerability due to an integer overflow issue in Cortado ThinPrint component. A malicious actor with normal access to a virtual machine may be able to exploit this issue to leak memory from TPView process running on the system where Workstation or Horizon Client for Windows is installed. Exploitation is only possible if virtual printing has been enabled. This feature is not enabled by default on Workstation but it is enabled by default on Horizon Client.
CVE-2020-3991||VMware Horizon Client for Windows (5.x before 5.5.0) contains a denial-of-service vulnerability due to a file system access control issue during install time. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow an attacker to overwrite certain admin privileged files through a symbolic link attack at install time. This will result into a denial-of-service condition on the machine where Horizon Client for Windows is installed.
CVE-2020-3992||OpenSLP as used in VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi_7.0.1-0.0.16850804, 6.7 before ESXi670-202010401-SG, 6.5 before ESXi650-202010401-SG) has a use-after-free issue. A malicious actor residing in the management network who has access to port 427 on an ESXi machine may be able to trigger a use-after-free in the OpenSLP service resulting in remote code execution.
CVE-2020-3993||VMware NSX-T (3.x before 3.0.2, 2.5.x before 2.5.2.2.0) contains a security vulnerability that exists in the way it allows a KVM host to download and install packages from NSX manager. A malicious actor with MITM positioning may be able to exploit this issue to compromise the transport node.
CVE-2020-3994||VMware vCenter Server (6.7 before 6.7u3, 6.6 before 6.5u3k) contains a session hijack vulnerability in the vCenter Server Appliance Management Interface update function due to a lack of certificate validation. A malicious actor with network positioning between vCenter Server and an update repository may be able to perform a session hijack when the vCenter Server Appliance Management Interface is used to download vCenter updates.
CVE-2020-3995||In VMware ESXi (6.7 before ESXi670-201908101-SG, 6.5 before ESXi650-202007101-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.1.0), Fusion (11.x before 11.1.0), the VMCI host drivers used by VMware hypervisors contain a memory leak vulnerability. A malicious actor with access to a virtual machine may be able to trigger a memory leak issue resulting in memory resource exhaustion on the hypervisor if the attack is sustained for extended periods of time.
CVE-2020-3996||Velero (prior to 1.4.3 and 1.5.2) in some instances doesnt properly manage volume identifiers which may result in information leakage to unauthorized users.
CVE-2020-3997||VMware Horizon Server (7.x prior to 7.10.3 or 7.13.0) contains a Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability. Successful exploitation of this issue may allow an attacker to inject malicious script which will be executed.
CVE-2020-3998||VMware Horizon Client for Windows (5.x prior to 5.5.0) contains an information disclosure vulnerability. A malicious attacker with local privileges on the machine where Horizon Client for Windows is installed may be able to retrieve hashed credentials if the client crashes.
CVE-2020-3999||VMware ESXi (7.0 prior to ESXi70U1c-17325551), VMware Workstation (16.x prior to 16.0 and 15.x prior to 15.5.7), VMware Fusion (12.x prior to 12.0 and 11.x prior to 11.5.7) and VMware Cloud Foundation contain a denial of service vulnerability due to improper input validation in GuestInfo. A malicious actor with normal user privilege access to a virtual machine can crash the virtual machine's vmx process leading to a denial of service condition.
CVE-2020-4000||The SD-WAN Orchestrator 3.3.2 prior to 3.3.2 P3, 3.4.x prior to 3.4.4, and 4.0.x prior to 4.0.1 allows for executing files through directory traversal. An authenticated SD-WAN Orchestrator user is able to traversal directories which may lead to code execution of files.
CVE-2020-4001||The SD-WAN Orchestrator 3.3.2, 3.4.x, and 4.0.x has default passwords allowing for a Pass-the-Hash Attack. SD-WAN Orchestrator ships with default passwords for predefined accounts which may lead to to a Pass-the-Hash attack.
CVE-2020-4002||The SD-WAN Orchestrator 3.3.2 prior to 3.3.2 P3, 3.4.x prior to 3.4.4, and 4.0.x prior to 4.0.1 handles system parameters in an insecure way. An authenticated SD-WAN Orchestrator user with high privileges may be able to execute arbitrary code on the underlying operating system.
CVE-2020-4003||VMware SD-WAN Orchestrator 3.3.2 prior to 3.3.2 P3, 3.4.x prior to 3.4.4, and 4.0.x prior to 4.0.1 was found to be vulnerable to SQL-injection attacks allowing for potential information disclosure. An authenticated SD-WAN Orchestrator user may inject code into SQL queries which may lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2020-4004||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi70U1b-17168206, 6.7 before ESXi670-202011101-SG, 6.5 before ESXi650-202011301-SG), Workstation (15.x before 15.5.7), Fusion (11.x before 11.5.7) contain a use-after-free vulnerability in the XHCI USB controller. A malicious actor with local administrative privileges on a virtual machine may exploit this issue to execute code as the virtual machine's VMX process running on the host.
CVE-2020-4005||VMware ESXi (7.0 before ESXi70U1b-17168206, 6.7 before ESXi670-202011101-SG, 6.5 before ESXi650-202011301-SG) contains a privilege-escalation vulnerability that exists in the way certain system calls are being managed. A malicious actor with privileges within the VMX process only, may escalate their privileges on the affected system. Successful exploitation of this issue is only possible when chained with another vulnerability (e.g. CVE-2020-4004)
CVE-2020-4006||VMware Workspace One Access, Access Connector, Identity Manager, and Identity Manager Connector address have a command injection vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4008||The installer of the macOS Sensor for VMware Carbon Black Cloud (prior to 3.5.1) handles certain files in an insecure way. A malicious actor who has local access to the endpoint on which a macOS sensor is going to be installed, may overwrite a limited number of files with output from the sensor installation.
CVE-2020-4013||The review resource in Atlassian Fisheye and Crucible before version 4.8.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or Javascript via a cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability through the review objectives.
CVE-2020-4014||The /profile/deleteWatch.do resource in Atlassian Fisheye and Crucible before version 4.8.1 allows remote attackers to remove another user's watching settings for a repository via an improper authorization vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4015||The /json/fe/activeUserFinder.do resource in Altassian Fisheye and Crucible before version 4.8.1 allows remote attackers to view user user email addresses via a information disclosure vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4016||The /plugins/servlet/jira-blockers/ resource in the crucible-jira-ril plugin in Atlassian Fisheye and Crucible before version 4.8.1 allows remote attackers to get the ID of configured Jira application links via an information disclosure vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4017||The /rest/jira-ril/1.0/jira-rest/applinks resource in the crucible-jira-ril plugin in Atlassian Fisheye and Crucible before version 4.8.1 allows remote attackers to get information about any configured Jira application links via an information disclosure vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4018||The setup resources in Atlassian Fisheye and Crucible before version 4.8.1 allows remote attackers to complete the setup process via a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4019||The file editing functionality in the Atlassian Companion App before version 1.0.0 allows local attackers to have the app run a different executable in place of the app's cmd.exe via a untrusted search path vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4020||The file downloading functionality in the Atlassian Companion App before version 1.0.0 allows remote attackers, who control a Confluence Server instance that the Companion App is connected to, execute arbitrary .exe files via a Protection Mechanism Failure.
CVE-2020-4021||Affected versions are: Before 8.5.5, and from 8.6.0 before 8.8.1 of Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the XML export view.
CVE-2020-4022||The attachment download resource in Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center before 8.5.5, and from 8.6.0 before 8.8.2, and from 8.9.0 before 8.9.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability issue attachments with a mixed multipart content type.
CVE-2020-4023||The review coverage resource in Atlassian Fisheye and Crucible before version 4.8.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or Javascript via a cross site scripting (XSS) vulnerability through the committerFilter parameter.
CVE-2020-4024||The attachment download resource in Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center before 8.5.5, and from 8.6.0 before 8.8.2, and from 8.9.0 before 8.9.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability issue attachments with a vnd.wap.xhtml+xml content type.
CVE-2020-4025||The attachment download resource in Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center The attachment download resource in Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center before 8.5.5, and from 8.6.0 before 8.8.2, and from 8.9.0 before 8.9.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or JavaScript via a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability issue attachments with a rdf content type.
CVE-2020-4026||The CustomAppsRestResource list resource in Atlassian Navigator Links before version 3.3.23, from version 4.0.0 before version 4.3.7, from version 5.0.0 before 5.0.1, and from version 5.1.0 before 5.1.1 allows remote attackers to enumerate all linked applications, including those that are restricted or otherwise hidden, through an incorrect authorization check.
CVE-2020-4027||Affected versions of Atlassian Confluence Server and Data Center allowed remote attackers with system administration permissions to bypass velocity template injection mitigations via an injection vulnerability in custom user macros. The affected versions are before version 7.4.5, and from version 7.5.0 before 7.5.1.
CVE-2020-4028||Versions before 8.9.1, Various resources in Jira responded with a 404 instead of redirecting unauthenticated users to the login page, in some situations this may have allowed unauthorised attackers to determine if certain resources exist or not through an Information Disclosure vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4029||The /rest/project-templates/1.0/createshared resource in Atlassian Jira Server and Data Center before version 8.5.5, from 8.6.0 before 8.7.2, and from 8.8.0 before 8.8.1 allows remote attackers to enumerate project names via an improper authorization vulnerability.
CVE-2020-4030||In FreeRDP before version 2.1.2, there is an out of bounds read in TrioParse. Logging might bypass string length checks due to an integer overflow. This is fixed in version 2.1.2.
CVE-2020-4031||In FreeRDP before version 2.1.2, there is a use-after-free in gdi_SelectObject. All FreeRDP clients using compatibility mode with /relax-order-checks are affected. This is fixed in version 2.1.2.
CVE-2020-4032||In FreeRDP before version 2.1.2, there is an integer casting vulnerability in update_recv_secondary_order. All clients with +glyph-cache /relax-order-checks are affected. This is fixed in version 2.1.2.
CVE-2020-4033||In FreeRDP before version 2.1.2, there is an out of bounds read in RLEDECOMPRESS. All FreeRDP based clients with sessions with color depth < 32 are affected. This is fixed in version 2.1.2.
CVE-2020-4035||In WatermelonDB (NPM package "@nozbe/watermelondb") before versions 0.15.1 and 0.16.2, a maliciously crafted record ID can exploit a SQL Injection vulnerability in iOS adapter implementation and cause the app to delete all or selected records from the database, generally causing the app to become unusable. This may happen in apps that don't validate IDs (valid IDs are `/^[a-zA-Z0-9_-.]+$/`) and use Watermelon Sync or low-level `database.adapter.destroyDeletedRecords` method. The integrity risk is low due to the fact that maliciously deleted records won't synchronize, so logout-login will restore all data, although some local changes may be lost if the malicious deletion causes the sync process to fail to proceed to push stage. No way to breach confidentiality with this vulnerability is known. Full exploitation of SQL Injection is mitigated, because it's not possible to nest an insert/update query inside a delete query in SQLite, and it's not possible to pass a semicolon-separated second query. There's also no known practicable way to breach confidentiality by selectively deleting records, because those records will not be synchronized. It's theoretically possible that selective record deletion could cause an app to behave insecurely if lack of a record is used to make security decisions by the app. This is patched in versions 0.15.1, 0.16.2, and 0.16.1-fix
CVE-2020-4037||In OAuth2 Proxy from version 5.1.1 and less than version 6.0.0, users can provide a redirect address for the proxy to send the authenticated user to at the end of the authentication flow. This is expected to be the original URL that the user was trying to access. This redirect URL is checked within the proxy and validated before redirecting the user to prevent malicious actors providing redirects to potentially harmful sites. This has been fixed in version 6.0.0.
CVE-2020-4038||GraphQL Playground (graphql-playground-html NPM package) before version 1.6.22 have a severe XSS Reflection attack vulnerability. All unsanitized user input passed into renderPlaygroundPage() method could trigger this vulnerability. This has been patched in graphql-playground-html version 1.6.22. Note that some of the associated dependent middleware packages are also affected including but not limited to graphql-playground-middleware-express before version 1.7.16, graphql-playground-middleware-koa before version 1.6.15, graphql-playground-middleware-lambda before version 1.7.17, and graphql-playground-middleware-hapi before 1.6.13.
CVE-2020-4039||SUSI.AI is an intelligent Open Source personal assistant. SUSI.AI Server before version d27ed0f has a directory traversal vulnerability due to insufficient input validation. Any admin config and file readable by the app can be retrieved by the attacker. Furthermore, some files can also be moved or deleted.
CVE-2020-4040||Bolt CMS before version 3.7.1 lacked CSRF protection in the preview generating endpoint. Previews are intended to be generated by the admins, developers, chief-editors, and editors, who are authorized to create content in the application. But due to lack of proper CSRF protection, unauthorized users could generate a preview. This has been fixed in Bolt 3.7.1
CVE-2020-4041||In Bolt CMS before version 3.7.1, the filename of uploaded files was vulnerable to stored XSS. It is not possible to inject javascript code in the file name when creating/uploading the file. But, once created/uploaded, it can be renamed to inject the payload in it. Additionally, the measures to prevent renaming the file to disallowed filename extensions could be circumvented. This is fixed in Bolt 3.7.1.
CVE-2020-4042||Bareos before version 19.2.8 and earlier allows a malicious client to communicate with the director without knowledge of the shared secret if the director allows client initiated connection and connects to the client itself. The malicious client can replay the Bareos director's cram-md5 challenge to the director itself leading to the director responding to the replayed challenge. The response obtained is then a valid reply to the directors original challenge. This is fixed in version 19.2.8.
CVE-2020-4043||phpMussel from versions 1.0.0 and less than 1.6.0 has an unserialization vulnerability in PHP's phar wrapper. Uploading a specially crafted file to an affected version allows arbitrary code execution (discovered, tested, and confirmed by myself), so the risk factor should be regarded as very high. Newer phpMussel versions don't use PHP's phar wrapper, and are therefore unaffected. This has been fixed in version 1.6.0.
CVE-2020-4044||The xrdp-sesman service before version 0.9.13.1 can be crashed by connecting over port 3350 and supplying a malicious payload. Once the xrdp-sesman process is dead, an unprivileged attacker on the server could then proceed to start their own imposter sesman service listening on port 3350. This will allow them to capture any user credentials that are submitted to XRDP and approve or reject arbitrary login credentials. For xorgxrdp sessions in particular, this allows an unauthorized user to hijack an existing session. This is a buffer overflow attack, so there may be a risk of arbitrary code execution as well.
CVE-2020-4045||SSB-DB version 20.0.0 has an information disclosure vulnerability. The get() method is supposed to only decrypt messages when you explicitly ask it to, but there is a bug where it's decrypting any message that it can. This means that it is returning the decrypted content of private messages, which a malicious peer could use to get access to private data. This only affects peers running SSB-DB@20.0.0 who also have private messages, and is only known to be exploitable if you're also running SSB-OOO (default in SSB-Server), which exposes a thin wrapper around get() to anonymous peers. This is fixed in version 20.0.1. Note that users of SSB-Server verion 16.0.0 should upgrade to 16.0.1 to get the fixed version of SSB-DB.
CVE-2020-4046||In affected versions of WordPress, users with low privileges (like contributors and authors) can use the embed block in a certain way to inject unfiltered HTML in the block editor. When affected posts are viewed by a higher privileged user, this could lead to script execution in the editor/wp-admin. This has been patched in version 5.4.2, along with all the previously affected versions via a minor release (5.3.4, 5.2.7, 5.1.6, 5.0.10, 4.9.15, 4.8.14, 4.7.18, 4.6.19, 4.5.22, 4.4.23, 4.3.24, 4.2.28, 4.1.31, 4.0.31, 3.9.32, 3.8.34, 3.7.34).
CVE-2020-4047||In affected versions of WordPress, authenticated users with upload permissions (like authors) are able to inject JavaScript into some media file attachment pages in a certain way. This can lead to script execution in the context of a higher privileged user when the file is viewed by them. This has been patched in version 5.4.2, along with all the previously affected versions via a minor release (5.3.4, 5.2.7, 5.1.6, 5.0.10, 4.9.15, 4.8.14, 4.7.18, 4.6.19, 4.5.22, 4.4.23, 4.3.24, 4.2.28, 4.1.31, 4.0.31, 3.9.32, 3.8.34, 3.7.34).
CVE-2020-4048||In affected versions of WordPress, due to an issue in wp_validate_redirect() and URL sanitization, an arbitrary external link can be crafted leading to unintended/open redirect when clicked. This has been patched in version 5.4.2, along with all the previously affected versions via a minor release (5.3.4, 5.2.7, 5.1.6, 5.0.10, 4.9.15, 4.8.14, 4.7.18, 4.6.19, 4.5.22, 4.4.23, 4.3.24, 4.2.28, 4.1.31, 4.0.31, 3.9.32, 3.8.34, 3.7.34).
CVE-2020-4049||In affected versions of WordPress, when uploading themes, the name of the theme folder can be crafted in a way that could lead to JavaScript execution in /wp-admin on the themes page. This does require an admin to upload the theme, and is low severity self-XSS. This has been patched in version 5.4.2, along with all the previously affected versions via a minor release (5.3.4, 5.2.7, 5.1.6, 5.0.10, 4.9.15, 4.8.14, 4.7.18, 4.6.19, 4.5.22, 4.4.23, 4.3.24, 4.2.28, 4.1.31, 4.0.31, 3.9.32, 3.8.34, 3.7.34).
CVE-2020-4050||In affected versions of WordPress, misuse of the `set-screen-option` filter's return value allows arbitrary user meta fields to be saved. It does require an admin to install a plugin that would misuse the filter. Once installed, it can be leveraged by low privileged users. This has been patched in version 5.4.2, along with all the previously affected versions via a minor release (5.3.4, 5.2.7, 5.1.6, 5.0.10, 4.9.15, 4.8.14, 4.7.18, 4.6.19, 4.5.22, 4.4.23, 4.3.24, 4.2.28, 4.1.31, 4.0.31, 3.9.32, 3.8.34, 3.7.34).
CVE-2020-4051||In Dijit before versions 1.11.11, and greater than or equal to 1.12.0 and less than 1.12.9, and greater than or equal to 1.13.0 and less than 1.13.8, and greater than or equal to 1.14.0 and less than 1.14.7, and greater than or equal to 1.15.0 and less than 1.15.4, and greater than or equal to 1.16.0 and less than 1.16.3, there is a cross-site scripting vulnerability in the Editor's LinkDialog plugin. This has been fixed in 1.11.11, 1.12.9, 1.13.8, 1.14.7, 1.15.4, 1.16.3.
CVE-2020-4052||In Wiki.js before 2.4.107, there is a stored cross-site scripting through template injection. This vulnerability exists due to an insecure validation mechanism intended to insert v-pre tags into rendered HTML elements which contain curly-braces. By creating a crafted wiki page, a malicious Wiki.js user may stage a stored cross-site scripting attack. This allows the attacker to execute malicious JavaScript when the page is viewed by other users. This has been patched in 2.4.107.
CVE-2020-4053||In Helm greater than or equal to 3.0.0 and less than 3.2.4, a path traversal attack is possible when installing Helm plugins from a tar archive over HTTP. It is possible for a malicious plugin author to inject a relative path into a plugin archive, and copy a file outside of the intended directory. This has been fixed in 3.2.4.
CVE-2020-4054||In Sanitize (RubyGem sanitize) greater than or equal to 3.0.0 and less than 5.2.1, there is a cross-site scripting vulnerability. When HTML is sanitized using Sanitize's "relaxed" config, or a custom config that allows certain elements, some content in a math or svg element may not be sanitized correctly even if math and svg are not in the allowlist. You are likely to be vulnerable to this issue if you use Sanitize's relaxed config or a custom config that allows one or more of the following HTML elements: iframe, math, noembed, noframes, noscript, plaintext, script, style, svg, xmp. Using carefully crafted input, an attacker may be able to sneak arbitrary HTML through Sanitize, potentially resulting in XSS (cross-site scripting) or other undesired behavior when that HTML is rendered in a browser. This has been fixed in 5.2.1.
CVE-2020-4059||In mversion before 2.0.0, there is a command injection vulnerability. This issue may lead to remote code execution if a client of the library calls the vulnerable method with untrusted input. This vulnerability is patched by version 2.0.0. Previous releases are deprecated in npm. As a workaround, make sure to escape git commit messages when using the commitMessage option for the update function.
CVE-2020-4060||In LoRa Basics Station before 2.0.4, there is a Use After Free vulnerability that leads to memory corruption. This bug is triggered on 32-bit machines when the CUPS server responds with a message (https://doc.sm.tc/station/cupsproto.html#http-post-response) where the signature length is larger than 2 GByte (never happens in practice), or the response is crafted specifically to trigger this issue (i.e. the length signature field indicates a value larger than (2**31)-1 although the signature actually does not contain that much data). In such a scenario, on 32 bit machines, Basic Station would execute a code path, where a piece of memory is accessed after it has been freed, causing the process to crash and restarted again. The CUPS transaction is typically mutually authenticated over TLS. Therefore, in order to trigger this vulnerability, the attacker would have to gain access to the CUPS server first. If the user chose to operate without authentication over TLS but yet is concerned about this vulnerability, one possible workaround is to enable TLS authentication. This has been fixed in 2.0.4.
CVE-2020-4061||In October from version 1.0.319 and before version 1.0.467, pasting content copied from malicious websites into the Froala richeditor could result in a successful self-XSS attack. This has been fixed in 1.0.467.
CVE-2020-4062||In Conjur OSS Helm Chart before 2.0.0, a recently identified critical vulnerability resulted in the installation of the Conjur Postgres database with an open port. This allows an attacker to gain full read & write access to the Conjur Postgres database, including escalating the attacker's privileges to assume full control. A malicious actor who knows the IP address and port number of the Postgres database and has access into the Kubernetes cluster where Conjur runs can gain full read & write access to the Postgres database. This enables the attacker to write a policy that allows full access to retrieve any secret. This Helm chart is a method to install Conjur OSS into a Kubernetes environment. Hence, the systems impacted are only Conjur OSS systems that were deployed using this chart. Other deployments including Docker and the CyberArk Dynamic Access Provider (DAP) are not affected. To remediate this vulnerability, clone the latest Helm Chart and follow the upgrade instructions. If you are not able to fully remediate this vulnerability immediately, you can mitigate some of the risk by making sure Conjur OSS is deployed on an isolated Kubernetes cluster or namespace. The term "isolated" refers to: - No other workloads besides Conjur OSS and its backend database are running in that Kubernetes cluster/namespace. - Kubernetes and helm access to the cluster/namespace is limited to security administrators via Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).
CVE-2020-4066||In Limdu before 0.95, the trainBatch function has a command injection vulnerability. Clients of the Limdu library are unlikely to be aware of this, so they might unwittingly write code that contains a vulnerability. This has been patched in 0.95.
CVE-2020-4067||In coturn before version 4.5.1.3, there is an issue whereby STUN/TURN response buffer is not initialized properly. There is a leak of information between different client connections. One client (an attacker) could use their connection to intelligently query coturn to get interesting bytes in the padding bytes from the connection of another client. This has been fixed in 4.5.1.3.
CVE-2020-4068||In APNSwift 1.0.0, calling APNSwiftSigner.sign(digest:) is likely to result in a heap buffer overflow. This has been fixed in 1.0.1.
CVE-2020-4070||In CSS Validator less than or equal to commit 54d68a1, there is a cross-site scripting vulnerability in handling URIs. A user would have to click on a specifically crafted validator link to trigger it. This has been patched in commit e5c09a9.
CVE-2020-4071||In django-basic-auth-ip-whitelist before 0.3.4, a potential timing attack exists on websites where the basic authentication is used or configured, i.e. BASIC_AUTH_LOGIN and BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD is set. Currently the string comparison between configured credentials and the ones provided by users is performed through a character-by-character string comparison. This enables a possibility that attacker may time the time it takes the server to validate different usernames and password, and use this knowledge to work out the valid credentials. This attack is understood not to be realistic over the Internet. However, it may be achieved from within local networks where the website is hosted, e.g. from inside a data centre where a website's server is located. Sites protected by IP address whitelisting only are unaffected by this vulnerability. This vulnerability has been fixed on version 0.3.4 of django-basic-auth-ip-whitelist. Update to version 0.3.4 as soon as possible and change basic authentication username and password configured on a Django project using this package. A workaround without upgrading to version 0.3.4 is to stop using basic authentication and use the IP whitelisting component only. It can be achieved by not setting BASIC_AUTH_LOGIN and BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD in Django project settings.
CVE-2020-4072||In generator-jhipster-kotlin version 1.6.0 log entries are created for invalid password reset attempts. As the email is provided by a user and the api is public this can be used by an attacker to forge log entries. This is vulnerable to https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/117.html This problem affects only application generated with jwt or session authentication. Applications using oauth are not vulnerable. This issue has been fixed in version 1.7.0.
CVE-2020-4074||In PrestaShop from version 1.5.0.0 and before version 1.7.6.6, the authentication system is malformed and an attacker is able to forge requests and execute admin commands. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.6.
CVE-2020-4075||In Electron before versions 7.2.4, 8.2.4, and 9.0.0-beta21, arbitrary local file read is possible by defining unsafe window options on a child window opened via window.open. As a workaround, ensure you are calling `event.preventDefault()` on all new-window events where the `url` or `options` is not something you expect. This is fixed in versions 9.0.0-beta.21, 8.2.4 and 7.2.4.
CVE-2020-4076||In Electron before versions 7.2.4, 8.2.4, and 9.0.0-beta21, there is a context isolation bypass. Code running in the main world context in the renderer can reach into the isolated Electron context and perform privileged actions. Apps using contextIsolation are affected. This is fixed in versions 9.0.0-beta.21, 8.2.4 and 7.2.4.
CVE-2020-4077||In Electron before versions 7.2.4, 8.2.4, and 9.0.0-beta21, there is a context isolation bypass. Code running in the main world context in the renderer can reach into the isolated Electron context and perform privileged actions. Apps using both `contextIsolation` and `contextBridge` are affected. This is fixed in versions 9.0.0-beta.21, 8.2.4 and 7.2.4.
CVE-2020-4079||Combodo iTop is a web based IT Service Management tool. In iTop before versions 2.7.2 and 2.8.0, when the ajax endpoint for the "excel export" portal functionality is called directly it allows getting data without scope filtering. This allows a user to access data they which they should not have access to. This is fixed in versions 2.7.2 and 3.0.0.
CVE-2020-4080||HCL Verse v10 and v11 is susceptible to a Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability due to improper handling of message content. An unauthenticated remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability using specially-crafted markup to execute script in a victim's web browser within the security context of the hosting Web site and/or steal the victim's cookie-based authentication credentials.
CVE-2020-4081||In Digital Experience 8.5, 9.0, and 9.5, WSRP consumer is vulnerable to cross-site scripting (XSS).
CVE-2020-4082||The HCL Connections 5.5 help system is vulnerable to cross-site scripting, caused by improper validation of user-supplied input. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability using a specially-crafted URL to execute script in a victim's Web browser within the security context of the hosting Web site, once the URL is clicked. An attacker could use this vulnerability to steal the victim's cookie-based authentication credentials.
CVE-2020-4083||HCL Connections 6.5 is vulnerable to possible information leakage. Connections could disclose sensitive information via trace logs to a local user.
CVE-2020-4084||HCL Connections v5.5, v6.0, and v6.5 are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session.
CVE-2020-4085||"HCL Connections is vulnerable to possible information leakage and could disclose sensitive information via stack trace to a local user."
CVE-2020-4089||HCL Notes is vulnerable to an information leakage vulnerability through its support for the 'mailto' protocol. This vulnerability could result in files from the user's filesystem or connected network filesystems being leaked to a third party. All versions of HCL Notes 9, 10 and 11 are affected.
CVE-2020-4092||"If port encryption is not enabled on the Domino Server, HCL Nomad on Android and iOS Platforms will communicate in clear text and does not currently have a user interface option to change the setting to request an encrypted communication channel with the Domino server. This can potentially expose sensitive information including but not limited to server names, user IDs and document content."
CVE-2020-4095||"BigFix Platform is storing clear text credentials within the system's memory. An attacker who is able to gain administrative privileges can use a program to create a memory dump and extract the credentials. These credentials can be used to pivot further into the environment. The principle of least privilege should be applied to all BigFix deployments, limiting administrative access."
CVE-2020-4097||In HCL Notes version 9 previous to release 9.0.1 FixPack 10 Interim Fix 8, version 10 previous to release 10.0.1 FixPack 6 and version 11 previous to 11.0.1 FixPack 1, a vulnerability in the input parameter handling of the Notes Client could potentially be exploited by an attacker resulting in a buffer overflow. This could enable an attacker to crash HCL Notes or execute attacker-controlled code on the client.
CVE-2020-4099||The application was signed using a key length less than or equal to 1024 bits, making it potentially vulnerable to forged digital signatures. An attacker could forge the same digital signature of the app after maliciously modifying the app.
CVE-2020-4100||"HCL Verse for Android was found to employ dynamic code loading. This mechanism allows a developer to specify which components of the application should not be loaded by default when the application is started. Typically, core components and additional dependencies are loaded natively at runtime; however, dynamically loaded components are only loaded as they are specifically requested. While this can have a positive impact on performance, or grant additional functionality (for example, a non-invasive update feature), it can also open the application to loading unintended code if not implemented properly."
CVE-2020-4101||"HCL Digital Experience is susceptible to Server Side Request Forgery."
CVE-2020-4102||HCL Notes is susceptible to a Buffer Overflow vulnerability in DXL due to improper validation of user input. A successful exploit could enable an attacker to crash Notes or execute attacker-controlled code on the client system.
CVE-2020-4104||HCL BigFix WebUI is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting (XSS) within the Apps->Software module. An attacker can use XSS to send a malicious script to an unsuspecting user. This affects all versions prior to latest releases as specified in https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&sysparm_article=KB0080855&sys_kb_id=971d99ed1b8ed01c086dcbfc0a4bcb6a.
CVE-2020-4107||HCL Domino is affected by an Insufficient Access Control vulnerability. An authenticated attacker with local access to the system could exploit this vulnerability to attain escalation of privileges, denial of service, or information disclosure.
CVE-2020-4125||Using HCL Marketing Operations 9.1.2.4, 10.1.x, 11.1.0.x, a malicious attacker could download files from the RHEL environment by doing some modification in the link, giving the attacker access to confidential information.
CVE-2020-4126||HCL iNotes is susceptible to a sensitive cookie exposure vulnerability. This can allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to capture the cookie by intercepting its transmission within an http session. Fixes are available in HCL Domino and iNotes versions 10.0.1 FP6 and 11.0.1 FP2 and later.
CVE-2020-4127||HCL Domino is susceptible to a Login CSRF vulnerability. With a valid credential, an attacker could trick a user into accessing a system under another ID or use an intranet user's system to access internal systems from the internet. Fixes are available in HCL Domino versions 9.0.1 FP10 IF6, 10.0.1 FP6 and 11.0.1 FP1 and later.
CVE-2020-4128||HCL Domino is susceptible to a lockout policy bypass vulnerability in the ID Vault service. An unauthenticated attacker could use this vulnerability to mount a brute force attack against the ID Vault service.
CVE-2020-4129||HCL Domino is susceptible to a lockout policy bypass vulnerability in the LDAP service. An unauthenticated attacker could use this vulnerability to mount a brute force attack against the LDAP service. Fixes are available in HCL Domino versions 9.0.1 FP10 IF6, 10.0.1 FP6 and 11.0.1 FP1 and later.
CVE-2020-4135||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow an unauthenticated user to send specially crafted packets to cause a denial of service from excessive memory usage.
CVE-2020-4138||IBM SiteProtector Appliance 3.1.1 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174049.
CVE-2020-4140||IBM Security SiteProtector System 3.1.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 174052.
CVE-2020-4146||IBM Security SiteProtector System 3.1.1 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by missing 'HttpOnly' flag. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 174129.
CVE-2020-4150||IBM SiteProtector Appliance 3.1.1 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 174142.
CVE-2020-4151||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3.0 through 7.3.3 could allow an authenticated attacker to perform unauthorized actions due to improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 174201.
CVE-2020-4152||IBM QRadar Network Security 5.4.0 and 5.5.0 transmits sensitive or security-critical data in cleartext in a communication channel that can be obtained using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 17467.
CVE-2020-4153||IBM QRadar Network Security 5.4.0 and 5.5.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 174269.
CVE-2020-4157||IBM QRadar Network Security 5.4.0 and 5.5.0 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 174337.
CVE-2020-4159||IBM QRadar Network Security 5.4.0 and 5.5.0 discloses sensitive information to unauthorized users which could be used to mount further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174339.
CVE-2020-4160||IBM QRadar Network Security 5.4.0 and 5.5.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 174340.
CVE-2020-4161||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 11.5 could allow an authenticated attacker to cause a denial of service due to incorrect handling of certain commands. IBM X-Force ID: 174341.
CVE-2020-4162||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.5 and 11.7 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 174342.
CVE-2020-4163||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0, under specialized conditions, could allow an authenticated user to create a maliciously crafted file name which would be misinterpreted as jsp content and executed. IBM X-Force ID: 174397.
CVE-2020-4164||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, 1.0.4, and 1.0.5 could expose sensitive information from applicatino errors which could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174400.
CVE-2020-4165||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 174401.
CVE-2020-4166||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174402.
CVE-2020-4167||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information or perform unauthorized actions due to improper authenciation mechanisms. IBM X-Force ID: 174403.
CVE-2020-4169||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 174405.
CVE-2020-4170||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 174406.
CVE-2020-4171||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174407.
CVE-2020-4172||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 stores sensitive information in URL parameters. This may lead to information disclosure if unauthorized parties have access to the URLs via server logs, referrer header or browser history. IBM X-Force ID: 174408.
CVE-2020-4173||IBM Guardium Activity Insights 10.6 and 11.0 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 174682.
CVE-2020-4174||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 174683.
CVE-2020-4175||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 174684.
CVE-2020-4177||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 174732.
CVE-2020-4180||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system. By sending a specially-crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174735.
CVE-2020-4182||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 174738.
CVE-2020-4183||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 174739.
CVE-2020-4184||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 performs an operation at a privilege level that is higher than the minimum level required, which creates new weaknesses or amplifies the consequences of other weaknesses. IBM X-Force ID: 174802..
CVE-2020-4185||IBM Security Guardium 10.5, 10.6, and 11.1 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 174803.
CVE-2020-4186||IBM Security Guardium 10.5, 10.6, and 11.1 could disclose sensitive information on the login page that could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174804.
CVE-2020-4187||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 could disclose sensitive information on the login page that could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174805.
CVE-2020-4188||IBM Security Guardium 10.6 and 11.1 may use insufficiently random numbers or values in a security context that depends on unpredictable numbers. IBM X-Force ID: 174807.
CVE-2020-4189||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 discloses sensitive information in the response headers that could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174850.
CVE-2020-4190||IBM Security Guardium 10.6, 11.0, and 11.1 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 174851.
CVE-2020-4191||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 174852.
CVE-2020-4193||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 uses an inadequate account lockout setting that could allow a remote attacker to brute force account credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 174857.
CVE-2020-4195||IBM API Connect V2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.10 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 174859.
CVE-2020-4196||IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus_GUI 8.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 174907.
CVE-2020-4197||IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus_GUI 8.1.0 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 174908.
CVE-2020-4198||IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus_GUI 8.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 174909.
CVE-2020-4199||IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus 8.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 174910.
CVE-2020-4200||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow an authenticated attacker to send specially crafted commands to cause a denial of service. IBM X-Force ID: 174914.
CVE-2020-4202||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 7.0.3.0 and 7.0.4.0 could allow an authenticated user to impersonate another user if the server is configured to enable Distributed Front End (DFE). IBM X-Force ID: 174955.
CVE-2020-4203||IBM DataPower Gateway 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.8 could potentially disclose highly sensitive information to a privileged user due to improper access controls. IBM X-Force ID: 174956.
CVE-2020-4204||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 is vulnerable to a buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking which could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with root privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 174960.
CVE-2020-4205||IBM DataPower Gateway 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.8 could allow an authenticated user to bypass security restrictions, and continue to access the server even after authentication certificates have been revolked. IBM X-Force ID: 174961.
CVE-2020-4206||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system in the context of root user, caused by improper validation of user-supplied input. IBM X-Force ID: 174966.
CVE-2020-4207||IBM Watson IoT Message Gateway 2.0.0.x, 5.0.0.0, 5.0.0.1, and 5.0.0.2 is vulnerable to a buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking when handling a failed HTTP request with specific content in the headers. By sending a specially crafted HTTP request, a remote attacker could overflow a buffer and execute arbitrary code on the system or cause a denial of service. IBM X-Force ID: 174972.
CVE-2020-4208||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 174975.
CVE-2020-4209||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to create arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175019.
CVE-2020-4210||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 and 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system. By using a specially crafted HTTP command, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary command on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175020.
CVE-2020-4211||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 and 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system. By using a specially crafted HTTP command, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary command on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175022.
CVE-2020-4212||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 and 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system. By using a specially crafted HTTP command, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary command on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175023.
CVE-2020-4213||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 and 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system. By using a specially crafted HTTP command, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary command on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175024.
CVE-2020-4214||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to arbitrary delete a directory caused by improper validation of user-supplied input. IBM X-Force ID: 175026.
CVE-2020-4216||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 175066.
CVE-2020-4217||The IBM Spectrum Scale 4.2 and 5.0 file system component is affected by a denial of service security vulnerability. An attacker can force the Spectrum Scale mmfsd/mmsdrserv daemons to unexpectedly exit, impacting the functionality of the Spectrum Scale cluster and the availability of file systems managed by Spectrum Scale. IBM X-Force ID: 175067.
CVE-2020-4222||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 and 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system. By using a specially crafted HTTP command, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary command on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175091.
CVE-2020-4223||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0.10 and 7.6.1.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 175121.
CVE-2020-4224||IBM StoredIQ 7.6.0.17 through 7.6.0.20 could disclose sensitive information to a local user due to data in certain directories not being encrypted when it contained symbolic links. IBM X-Force ID: 175133.
CVE-2020-4226||IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation 8.0.0.0 stores highly sensitive information in URL parameters. This may lead to information disclosure if unauthorized parties have access to the URLs via server logs, referrer header or browser history. IBM X-Force ID: 175207.
CVE-2020-4229||IBM Worklight/MobileFoundation 8.0.0.0 does not properly invalidate session cookies when a user logs out of a session, which could allow another user to gain unauthorized access to a user's session. IBM X-Force ID: 175211.
CVE-2020-4230||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 11.1 and 11.5 is vulnerable to an escalation of privilege when an authenticated local attacker with special permissions executes specially crafted Db2 commands. IBM X-Force ID: 175212.
CVE-2020-4231||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow an authenticated user to perform unauthorized commands due to hazardous input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 175335.
CVE-2020-4232||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow an attacker to enumerate usernames to find valid login credentials which could be used to attempt further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175336.
CVE-2020-4233||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to set the secure flag for the session cookie in SSL mode. By intercepting its transmission within an HTTP session, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to capture the cookie and obtain sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 175360.
CVE-2020-4235||IBM Tivoli Netcool Impact 7.1.0.0 through 7.1.0.17 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 175408.
CVE-2020-4236||IBM Tivoli Netcool Impact 7.1.0.0 through 7.1.0.17 could allow an authenticated user to cause a denial of service due to improper content parsing in the project management module. IBM X-Force ID: 175409.
CVE-2020-4237||IBM Tivoli Netcool Impact 7.1.0.0 through 7.1.0.17 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 175410.
CVE-2020-4238||IBM Tivoli Netcool Impact 7.1.0.0 through 7.1.0.17 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 175411.
CVE-2020-4239||IBM Tivoli Netcool Impact 7.1.0.0 through 7.1.0.17 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175412.
CVE-2020-4240||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request to overwrite or create arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175417.
CVE-2020-4241||IBM Spectrum Scale and IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system. By sending a specially crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175418.
CVE-2020-4242||IBM Spectrum Scale and IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system. By sending a specially crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175419.
CVE-2020-4243||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 Virtual Appliance could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques due to not properly invalidating session tokens. IBM X-Force ID: 175420.
CVE-2020-4244||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow an unauthorized user to obtain sensitive information through user enumeration. IBM X-Force ID: 175422.
CVE-2020-4245||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 does not require that users should have strong passwords by default, which makes it easier for attackers to compromise user accounts. IBM X-Force ID: 175423.
CVE-2020-4246||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 175481.
CVE-2020-4248||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175484.
CVE-2020-4249||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could disclose highly sensitive information to other authenticated users on the sytem due to incorrect authorization. IBM X-Force ID: 175485.
CVE-2020-4251||IBM API Connect 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.8.8 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 175489.
CVE-2020-4252||IBM DOORS Next Generation (DNG/RRC) 6.0.2. 6.0.6, and 6.0.61 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 175490.
CVE-2020-4253||IBM Content Navigator 3.0CD does not invalidate session after logout which could allow an authenticated user to impersonate another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175559.
CVE-2020-4254||IBM Security Guardium Big Data Intelligence 1.0 (SonarG) uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 175560.
CVE-2020-4257||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175635.
CVE-2020-4258||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175637.
CVE-2020-4259||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.0.3.1 could allow an authenticated user could manipulate cookie information and remove or add modules from the cookie to access functionality not authorized to. IBM X-Force ID: 175638.
CVE-2020-4260||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 7.0.5 could allow a user with special permissions to obtain sensitive information via generic processes. IBM X-Force ID: 175639.
CVE-2020-4261||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175644.
CVE-2020-4262||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175645.
CVE-2020-4263||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175646.
CVE-2020-4264||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175647.
CVE-2020-4265||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175648.
CVE-2020-4266||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 175649.
CVE-2020-4267||IBM MQ and MQ Appliance 8.0, 9.1 LTS, and 9.1 CD could allow an authenticated user cause a denial of service due to a memory leak. IBM X-Force ID: 175840.
CVE-2020-4268||IBM QRadar 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-ForceID: 175841.
CVE-2020-4269||IBM QRadar 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 2 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-ForceID: 175845.
CVE-2020-4270||IBM QRadar 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 2 could allow a local user to gain escalated privileges due to weak file permissions. IBM X-ForceID: 175846.
CVE-2020-4271||IBM QRadar 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 2 could allow an authenticated user to send a specially crafted command which would be executed as a lower privileged user. IBM X-ForceID: 175897.
CVE-2020-4272||IBM QRadar 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 2 could allow a remote attacker to include arbitrary files. A remote attacker could send a specially-crafted request specify a malicious file from a remote system, which could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the vulnerable server. IBM X-ForceID: 175898.
CVE-2020-4273||IBM Spectrum Scale 4.2 and 5.0 could allow a local unprivileged attacker with intimate knowledge of the enviornment to execute commands as root using specially crafted input. IBM X-Force ID: 175977.
CVE-2020-4274||IBM QRadar 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 2 could allow an authenticated user to access data and perform unauthorized actions due to inadequate permission checks. IBM X-ForceID: 175980.
CVE-2020-4276||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 traditional is vulnerable to a privilege escalation vulnerability when using token-based authentication in an admin request over the SOAP connector. X-Force ID: 175984.
CVE-2020-4277||IBM TRIRIGA Application Platform 3.5.3 and 3.6.1 discloses sensitive information in error messages that could aid an attacker formulate future attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 175993.
CVE-2020-4278||IBM Platform LSF 9.1 and 10.1, IBM Spectrum LSF Suite 10.2, and IBM Spectrum Suite for HPA 10.2 could allow a local user to escalate their privileges due to weak file permissions when specific debug settings are enabled in a Linux or Unix enviornment. IBM X-Force ID: 176137.
CVE-2020-4280||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system, caused by insecure deserialization of user-supplied content by the Java deserialization function. By sending a malicious serialized Java object, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 176140.
CVE-2020-4281||IBM DOORS Next Generation (DNG/RRC) 6.0.2, 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, and 7.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 176141.
CVE-2020-4282||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, 1.0.4, and 1.0.5 could allow an authenticated user to perform unauthorized actions by bypassing illegal character restrictions. X-Force ID: 176205.
CVE-2020-4283||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, and 1.0.4 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 176206.
CVE-2020-4284||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, 1.0.4, and 1.0.5 could disclose sensitive information to an unauthorized user due to insufficient timeout functionality in the Web UI. IBM X-Force ID: 176207.
CVE-2020-4285||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption error. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted document, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of the victim or cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 176266
CVE-2020-4286||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.3, 11.5, and 11.7 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 176268.
CVE-2020-4287||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption error. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted document, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of the victim or cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 176269.
CVE-2020-4288||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption error. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted document, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of the victim or cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 176270.
CVE-2020-4289||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, 1.0.4, and 1.0.5 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to set the HTTPOnly flag. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information from the cookie. IBM X-Force ID: 176332.
CVE-2020-4290||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, 1.0.4, and 1.0.5 could allow any authenticated user to spoof the configuration owner of any other user which disclose sensitive information or allow for unauthorized access. IBM X-Force ID: 176333.
CVE-2020-4291||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, 1.0.4, and 1.0.5 could disclose sensitive information to an unauthorized user due to insufficient timeout functionality in the Web UI. IBM X-Force ID: 176334.
CVE-2020-4292||IBM Security Information Queue (ISIQ) 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, and 1.0.4 uses a cross-domain policy file that includes domains that should not be trusted which could disclose sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 176335.
CVE-2020-4294||IBM QRadar 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 2 is vulnerable to Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-ForceID: 176404.
CVE-2020-4295||IBM DOORS Next Generation (DNG/RRC) 6.0.2, 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, and 7.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 176408.
CVE-2020-4297||IBM DOORS Next Generation (DNG/RRC) 6.0.2, 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, and 7.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 176474.
CVE-2020-4298||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.3, 11.5, and 11.7 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 176475.
CVE-2020-4299||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 6.0.3.1 could expose sensitive information to a user through a specially crafted HTTP request. IBM X-Force ID: 176606.
CVE-2020-4300||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0 and 11.1 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 176607.
CVE-2020-4301||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.1.7, 11.2.0, and 11.2.1 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 176609.
CVE-2020-4302||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0 and 11.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a CSV injection. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted excel file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 176610.
CVE-2020-4303||IBM WebSphere Application Server - Liberty 17.0.0.3 through 20.0.0.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 176668.
CVE-2020-4304||IBM WebSphere Application Server - Liberty 17.0.0.3 through 20.0.0.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 176670.
CVE-2020-4305||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.3, 11.5, and 11.7 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by the deserialization of untrusted data. By persuading a victim to visit a specially crafted Web site, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 176677.
CVE-2020-4306||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0.0 through 2.0.9 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 176735.
CVE-2020-4307||IBM Security Guardium 11.1 could allow an attacker on the same network to gain access to the Solr dashboard and cause a denial of service attack. IBM X-Force ID: 176997.
CVE-2020-4309||IBM Content Navigator 3.0CD could disclose sensitive information to an unauthenticated user which could be used to aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 177080.
CVE-2020-4310||IBM MQ and MQ Appliance 7.1, 7.5, 8.0, 9.0 LTS, 9.1 LTS, and 9.1 C are vulnerable to a denial of service attack due to an error within the Data Conversion logic. IBM X-Force ID: 177081.
CVE-2020-4311||IBM Tivoli Monitoring 6.3.0 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system. By placing a specially crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to load other DLL files located in the same directory and execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 177083.
CVE-2020-4312||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 trough 6.0.3.1 could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information from a cached web page. IBM X-Force ID: 177089.
CVE-2020-4315||IBM Business Automation Content Analyzer on Cloud 1.0 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 177234.
CVE-2020-4316||IBM Publishing Engine 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, and 7.0 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 177354.
CVE-2020-4317||IBM Intelligent Operations Center for Emergency Management, Intelligent Operations Center (IOC), and IBM Water Operations for Waternamics are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 177355.
CVE-2020-4318||IBM Intelligent Operations Center for Emergency Management, Intelligent Operations Center (IOC), and IBM Water Operations for Waternamics are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 177356.
CVE-2020-4319||IBM MQ, IBM MQ Appliance, and IBM MQ for HPE NonStop 8.0, 9.1 LTS, and 9.1 CD could allow under special circumstances, an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information due to a data leak from an error message within the pre-v7 pubsub logic. IBM X-Force ID: 177402.
CVE-2020-4320||IBM MQ Appliance and IBM MQ AMQP Channels 8.0, 9.0 LTS, 9.1 LTS, and 9.1 CD do not correctly block or allow clients based on the certificate distinguished name SSLPEER setting. IBM X-Force ID: 177403.
CVE-2020-4322||IBM Security Secret Server 10.7 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 177511.
CVE-2020-4323||IBM Security Secret Server 10.7 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 177514.
CVE-2020-4324||IBM Security Secret Server proir to 10.9 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 177515.
CVE-2020-4325||The IBM Process Federation Server 18.0.0.1, 18.0.0.2, 19.0.0.1, 19.0.0.2, and 19.0.0.3 Global Teams REST API does not properly shutdown the thread pools that it creates to retrieve Global Teams information from the federated systems. As a consequence, the Java Virtual Machine can't recover the memory used by those thread pools, which leads to an OutOfMemory exception when the Process Federation Server Global Teams REST API is used extensively. IBM X-Force ID: 177596.
CVE-2020-4327||IBM Security Secret Server 10.7 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 177599.
CVE-2020-4328||IBM Financial Transaction Manager 3.2.4 is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote attacker could send specially-crafted SQL statements, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database. IBM X-Force ID: 177839.
CVE-2020-4329||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, 9.0 and Liberty 17.0.0.3 through 20.0.0.4 could allow a remote, authenticated attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by improper parameter checking. This could be exploited to conduct spoofing attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 177841.
CVE-2020-4336||IBM WebSphere eXtreme Scale 8.6.1 stores sensitive information in URL parameters. This may lead to information disclosure if unauthorized parties have access to the URLs via server logs, referrer header or browser history. IBM X-Force ID: 177932.
CVE-2020-4337||IBM API Connect 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.12 could allow an attacker to launch phishing attacks by tricking the server to generate user registration emails that contain malicious URLs. IBM X-Force ID: 177933.
CVE-2020-4338||IBM MQ 9.1.4 could allow a local attacker to obtain sensitive information by inclusion of sensitive data within runmqras data. IBM X-Force ID: 177937.
CVE-2020-4340||IBM Security Secret Server prior to 10.9 could allow an attacker to bypass SSL security due to improper certificate validation. IBM X-Force ID: 178180.
CVE-2020-4341||IBM Security Secret Server 10.7 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 178181.
CVE-2020-4342||IBM Security Secret Server 10.7 could disclose sensitive information included in installation files to an unauthorized user. IBM X-Force ID: 178182.
CVE-2020-4343||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially crafted file, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system or cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 178244.
CVE-2020-4344||IBM Tivoli Business Service Manager 6.2.0.0 - 6.2.0.2 IF 1 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 178247.
CVE-2020-4345||IBM i 7.2, 7.3, and 7.4 users running complex SQL statements under a specific set of circumstances may allow a local user to obtain sensitive information that they should not have access to. IBM X-Force ID: 178318.
CVE-2020-4346||IBM API Connect's V2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.10 management server has an unsecured api which can be exploited by an unauthenticated attacker to obtain sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 178322.
CVE-2020-4347||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.3, 11.5, and 11.7 could be subject to attacks based on privilege escalation due to inappropriate file permissions for files used by WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment. IBM X-Force ID: 178412.
CVE-2020-4348||IBM Spectrum Scale 4.2.0.0 through 4.2.3.21 and 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.4 could allow an authenticated GUI user to perform unauthorized actions due to missing function level access control. IBM X-Force ID: 178414
CVE-2020-4349||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.4 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 178423.
CVE-2020-4350||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.4 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 178424.
CVE-2020-4352||IBM MQ on HPE NonStop 8.0.4 and 8.1.0 is vulnerable to a privilege escalation attack when running in restricted mode. IBM X-Force ID: 178427.
CVE-2020-4353||IBM MaaS360 6.82 could allow a user with pysical access to the device to crash the application which may enable the user to access restricted applications and device settings. IBM X-Force ID: 178505.
CVE-2020-4354||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0 and 11.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 178506.
CVE-2020-4355||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 is vulnerable to a denial of service, caused by improper handling of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) renegotiation requests. By sending specially-crafted requests, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to increase the resource usage on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 178507.
CVE-2020-4357||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.4 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 178761.
CVE-2020-4358||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 178762.
CVE-2020-4360||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 178765.
CVE-2020-4361||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information by disclosing private IP addresses in HTTP responses. IBM X-Force ID: 178766.
CVE-2020-4362||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 traditional is vulnerable to a privilege escalation vulnerability when using token-based authentication in an admin request over the SOAP connector. IBM X-Force ID: 178929.
CVE-2020-4363||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 is vulnerable to a buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking which could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with root privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 178960.
CVE-2020-4364||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 178961.
CVE-2020-4365||IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.5 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery. By sending a specially crafted request, a remote authenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive data. IBM X-Force ID: 178964.
CVE-2020-4366||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 178965.
CVE-2020-4367||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 179001.
CVE-2020-4369||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 stores highly sensitive information in cleartext that could be obtained by a user. IBM X-Force ID: 179004.
CVE-2020-4371||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 contains sensitive information in leftover debug code that could be used aid a local user in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 179008.
CVE-2020-4372||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 stores user credentials in plain in clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 179009
CVE-2020-4375||IBM MQ, IBM MQ Appliance, IBM MQ for HPE NonStop 8.0, 9.1 CD, and 9.1 LTS could allow an attacker to cause a denial of service due to a memory leak caused by an error creating a dynamic queue. IBM X-Force ID: 179080.
CVE-2020-4376||IBM MQ, IBM MQ Appliance, IBM MQ for HPE NonStop 8.0.4 and 8.1.0 could allow an attacker to cause a denial of service caused by an error within the pubsub logic. IBM X-Force ID: 179081.
CVE-2020-4377||IBM Cognos Anaytics 11.0 and 11.1 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 179156.
CVE-2020-4378||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.4 could allow a privileged authenticated user to perform unauthorized actions using a specially crated HTTP POST command. IBM X-Force ID: 179157.
CVE-2020-4379||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.4 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 179158.
CVE-2020-4380||IBM Workload Scheduler 9.3.0.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 179160.
CVE-2020-4381||IBM Spectrum Scale for IBM Elastic Storage Server 5.3.0 through 5.3.6 could allow an authenticated user to cause a denial of service during deployment or upgrade if GUI specific services are enabled. IBM X-Force ID: 179162.
CVE-2020-4382||IBM Spectrum Scale for IBM Elastic Storage Server 5.3.0 through 5.3.5 could allow an authenticated user to cause a denial of service during deployment or upgrade pertaining to xcat services. IBM X-Force ID: 179163.
CVE-2020-4383||IBM Spectrum Scale for IBM Elastic Storage Server 5.3.0 through 5.3.5 could allow an authenticated user to cause a denial of service during deployment while configuring some of the network services. IBM X-Force ID: 179165.
CVE-2020-4384||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.3, 11.5, and 11.7 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 179265.
CVE-2020-4385||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 179266.
CVE-2020-4386||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow a local user to obtain sensitive information using a race condition of a symbolic link. IBM X-Force ID: 179268.
CVE-2020-4387||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow a local user to obtain sensitive information using a race condition of a symbolic link. IBM X-Force ID: 179269.
CVE-2020-4388||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0 and 11.1 could be vulnerable to a denial of service attack by failing to catch exceptions in a servlet also exposing debug information could also be used in future attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 179270.
CVE-2020-4395||IBM Security Access Manager Appliance 9.0.7 does not invalidate session after logout which could allow an authenticated user to impersonate another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 179358.
CVE-2020-4396||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 179359.
CVE-2020-4397||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 transmits sensitive information in plain text which could be obtained by an attacker using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 179428.
CVE-2020-4399||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 could allow an authenticated user to send malformed requests to cause a denial of service against the server. IBM X-Force ID: 179476.
CVE-2020-4400||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 uses an inadequate account lockout setting that could allow a remote attacker to brute force account credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 179478.
CVE-2020-4405||IBM Verify Gateway (IVG) 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 could disclose potentially sensitive information to an authenticated user due to world readable log files. IBM X-Force ID: 179484.
CVE-2020-4406||IBM Spectrum Protect Client 8.1.7.0 through 8.1.9.1 (Linux and Windows), 8.1.9.0 trough 8.1.9.1 (AIX) and IBM Spectrum Protect for Space Management 8.1.7.0 through 8.1.9.1 (Linux), 8.1.9.0 through 8.1.9.1 (AIX) web user interfaces could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 179488.
CVE-2020-4408||The IBM QRadar Advisor 1.1 through 2.5.2 with Watson App for IBM QRadar SIEM does not adequately mask all passwords during input, which could be obtained by a physical attacker nearby. IBM X-Force ID: 179536.
CVE-2020-4409||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0 and 7.6.1 could allow a remote attacker to conduct phishing attacks, using a tabnabbing attack. By persuading a victim to visit a specially-crafted Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to redirect a user to a malicious Web site that would appear to be trusted. This could allow the attacker to obtain highly sensitive information or conduct further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 179537.
CVE-2020-4410||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products could allow an authenticated user to send a specially crafted HTTP GET request to read attachments on the server that they should not have access to. IBM X-Force ID: 179539.
CVE-2020-4411||The Spectrum Scale 4.2.0.0 through 4.2.3.21 and 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.3 file system component is affected by a denial of service vulnerability in its kernel module that could allow an attacker to cause a denial of service condition on the affected system. To exploit this vulnerability, a local attacker could invoke a subset of ioctls on the Spectrum Scale device with non-valid arguments. This could allow the attacker to crash the kernel. IBM X-Force ID: 179986.
CVE-2020-4412||The Spectrum Scale 4.2.0.0 through 4.2.3.21 and 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.4.3 file system component is affected by a denial of service security vulnerability. An attacker can force the Spectrum Scale mmfsd/mmsdrserv daemons to unexpectedly exit, impacting the functionality of the Spectrum Scale cluster and the availability of file systems managed by Spectrum Scale. IBM X-Force ID: 179987.
CVE-2020-4413||IBM Security Secret Server 10.7 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 179988.
CVE-2020-4414||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow a local attacker to perform unauthorized actions on the system, caused by improper usage of shared memory. By sending a specially-crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information or cause a denial of service. IBM X-Force ID: 179989.
CVE-2020-4415||IBM Spectrum Protect 7.1 and 8.1 server is vulnerable to a stack-based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. This could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of an administrator or user associated with the Spectrum Protect server or cause the Spectrum Protect server to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 179990.
CVE-2020-4419||IBM Jazz Reporting Service 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, and 7.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 180071.
CVE-2020-4420||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow an unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial of service due a hang in the execution of a terminate command. IBM X-Force ID: 180076.
CVE-2020-4421||IBM WebSphere Application Liberty 19.0.0.5 through 20.0.0.4 could allow an authenticated user using openidconnect to spoof another users identify. IBM X-Force ID: 180084.
CVE-2020-4422||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially crafted file, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system or cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 180167.
CVE-2020-4427||IBM Data Risk Manager 2.0.1, 2.0.2, 2.0.3, 2.0.4, 2.0.5, and 2.0.6 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions when configured with SAML authentication. By sending a specially crafted HTTP request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to bypass the authentication process and gain full administrative access to the system. IBM X-Force ID: 180532.
CVE-2020-4428||IBM Data Risk Manager 2.0.1, 2.0.2, 2.0.3, and 2.0.4 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 180533.
CVE-2020-4429||IBM Data Risk Manager 2.0.1, 2.0.2, 2.0.3, 2.0.4, 2.0.5, and 2.0.6 contains a default password for an IDRM administrative account. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to login and execute arbitrary code on the system with root privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 180534.
CVE-2020-4430||IBM Data Risk Manager 2.0.1, 2.0.2, 2.0.3, and 2.0.4 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request to download arbitrary files from the system. IBM X-Force ID: 180535.
CVE-2020-4431||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 180761.
CVE-2020-4432||Certain IBM Aspera applications are vulnerable to command injection after valid authentication, which could allow an attacker with intimate knowledge of the system to execute commands in a SOAP API. IBM X-Force ID: 180810.
CVE-2020-4433||Certain IBM Aspera applications are vulnerable to a stack-based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. This could allow a remote attacker with intimate knowledge of the server to execute arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of root or cause server to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 180814.
CVE-2020-4434||Certain IBM Aspera applications are vulnerable to buffer overflow based on the product configuration and valid authentication, which could allow an attacker with intimate knowledge of the system to execute arbitrary code or perform a denial-of-service (DoS) through the http fallback service. IBM X-Force ID: 180900.
CVE-2020-4435||Certain IBM Aspera applications are vulnerable to arbitrary memory corruption based on the product configuration, which could allow an attacker with intimate knowledge of the system to execute arbitrary code or perform a denial-of-service (DoS) through the http fallback service. IBM X-Force ID: 180901.
CVE-2020-4436||Certain IBM Aspera applications are vulnerable to buffer overflow after valid authentication, which could allow an attacker with intimate knowledge of the system to execute arbitrary code through a service. IBM X-Force ID: 180902.
CVE-2020-4445||IBM Jazz Team Server based Applications are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 181122.
CVE-2020-4446||IBM Business Process Manager 8.0, 8.5, and 8.6 and IBM Business Automation Workflow 18.0 and 19.0 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by the failure to perform insufficient authorization checks. IBM X-Force ID: 181126.
CVE-2020-4447||IBM FileNet Content Manager 5.5.3 and 5.5.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 181227.
CVE-2020-4448||IBM WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with a specially-crafted sequence of serialized objects from untrusted sources. IBM X-Force ID: 181228.
CVE-2020-4449||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 traditional could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information with a specially-crafted sequence of serialized objects. IBM X-Force ID: 181230.
CVE-2020-4450||IBM WebSphere Application Server 8.5 and 9.0 traditional could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with a specially-crafted sequence of serialized objects. IBM X-Force ID: 181231.
CVE-2020-4452||IBM API Connect V2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.11 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 181324.
CVE-2020-4459||IBM Security Verify Access 10.7 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 181395.
CVE-2020-4461||IBM Security Access Manager Appliance 9.0.7.1 could allow an authenticated user to bypass security by allowing id_token claims manipulation without verification. IBM X-Force ID: 181481.
CVE-2020-4462||IBM Sterling External Authentication Server 6.0.1, 6.0.0, 2.4.3.2, and 2.4.2 and IBM Sterling Secure Proxy 6.0.1, 6.0.0, 3.4.3, and 3.4.2 are vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 181482.
CVE-2020-4463||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0.1 and 7.6.0.2 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 181484.
CVE-2020-4464||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 traditional could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on a system with a specially-crafted sequence of serialized objects over the SOAP connector. IBM X-Force ID: 181489.
CVE-2020-4465||IBM MQ, IBM MQ Appliance, and IBM MQ for HPE NonStop 8.0, 9.1 CD, and 9.1 LTS is vulnerable to a buffer overflow vulnerability due to an error within the channel processing code. A remote attacker could overflow the buffer using an older client and cause a denial of service. IBM X-Force ID: 181562.
CVE-2020-4466||IBM MQ for HPE NonStop 8.0.4 and 8.1.0 could allow a remote authenticated attacker could cause a denial of service due to an error within the Queue processing function. IBM X-Force ID: 181563.
CVE-2020-4467||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted document, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of the victim or cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 181721.
CVE-2020-4468||IBM i2 Intelligent Analyis Platform 9.2.1 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted document, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of the victim or cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 181723.
CVE-2020-4469||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system. By using a specially crafted HTTP command, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary command on the system. This vulnerability is due to an incomplete fix for CVE-2020-4211. IBM X-Force ID: 181724.
CVE-2020-4470||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 Administrative Console could allow an authenticated attacker to upload arbitrary files which could be execute arbitrary code on the vulnerable server. IBM X-Force ID: 181725.
CVE-2020-4471||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow an unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial of service or hijack DNS sessions by send a specially crafted HTTP command to the remote server. IBM X-Force ID: 181726.
CVE-2020-4475||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5 and 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system.
CVE-2020-4476||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 2.2.6.5 and 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 181778.
CVE-2020-4477||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 discloses highly sensitive information in plain text in the virgo log file which could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 181779.
CVE-2020-4481||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 6.2.7.3, 6.2.7.4, 7.0.3.0, and 7.0.4.0 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 181848.
CVE-2020-4482||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 6.2.7.3, 6.2.7.4, 7.0.3.0, and 7.0.4.0 could allow an authenticated user to bypass security. A user with access to a snapshot could apply unauthorized additional statuses via direct rest calls. IBM X-Force ID: 181856.
CVE-2020-4483||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 6.2.7.3, 6.2.7.4, 7.0.3.0, and 7.0.4.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 181857.
CVE-2020-4484||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 6.2.7.3, 6.2.7.4, 7.0.3.0, and 7.0.4.0 could disclose sensitive information to an authenticated user that could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 181858.
CVE-2020-4485||IBM QRadar 7.2.0 through 7.2.9 could allow an authenticated user to disable the Wincollect service which could aid an attacker in bypassing security mechanisms in future attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 181860.
CVE-2020-4486||IBM QRadar 7.2.0 thorugh 7.2.9 could allow an authenticated user to overwrite or delete arbitrary files due to a flaw after WinCollect installation. IBM X-Force ID: 181861.
CVE-2020-4487||IBM Jazz Foundation Products could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 181862.
CVE-2020-4490||IBM Business Automation Workflow 18 and 19, and IBM Business Process Manager 8.0, 8.5, and 8.6 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by a reverse tabnabbing flaw. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability and redirect a vitcim to a phishing site. IBM X-Force ID: 181989
CVE-2020-4491||IBM Spectrum Scale V4.2.0.0 through V4.2.3.22 and V5.0.0.0 through V5.0.5 could allow a local attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of RPC requests to the mmfsd daemon which would cause the service to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 181991.
CVE-2020-4492||IBM Spectrum Scale V5.0.0.0 through V5.0.4.3 and V4.2.0.0 through V4.2.3.21 could allow a local attacker to cause a denial of service crashing the kernel by sending a subset of ioctls on the device with invalid arguments. IBM X-Force ID: 181992.
CVE-2020-4493||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0 and 7.6.1 could allow an attacker to bypass authentication and issue commands using a specially crafted HTTP command. IBM X-Force ID: 181995.
CVE-2020-4494||IBM Spectrum Protect Client 8.1.7.0 through 8.1.9.1 (Linux and Windows), 8.1.9.0 trough 8.1.9.1 (AIX) and IBM Spectrum Protect for Space Management 8.1.7.0 through 8.1.9.1 (Linux), 8.1.9.0 through 8.1.9.1 (AIX) web user interfaces could allow an attacker to bypass authentication due to improper session validation which can result in access to unauthorized resources. IBM X-Force ID: 182019.
CVE-2020-4495||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by improper access control. By sending a specially-crafted request to the REST API, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to bypass access restrictions, and execute arbitrary actions with administrative privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 182114.
CVE-2020-4496||The IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0.0 through 10.1.8.x server connection to an IBM Spectrum Protect Plus workload agent is subject to a man-in-the-middle attack due to improper certificate validation. IBM X-Force ID: 182046.
CVE-2020-4497||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.12 discloses sensitive information due to unencrypted data being used in the communication flow between Spectrum Protect Plus vSnap and its agents. An attacker could obtain information using main in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 182106.
CVE-2020-4498||IBM MQ Appliance 9.1 LTS and 9.1 CD could allow a local privileged user to obtain highly sensitve information due to inclusion of data within trace files. IBM X-Force ID: 182118.
CVE-2020-4499||IBM Security Access Manager 9.0.7 and IBM Security Verify Access 10.0.0 could allow an unauthorized public Oauth client to bypass some or all of the authentication checks and gain access to applications. IBM X-Force ID: 182216.
CVE-2020-4503||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182283.
CVE-2020-4509||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 182364.
CVE-2020-4510||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 182365.
CVE-2020-4511||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 could allow an authenticated user to cause a denial of service of the qflow process by sending a malformed sflow command. IBM X-Force ID: 182366.
CVE-2020-4512||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 could allow a remote privileged user to execute commands.
CVE-2020-4513||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182368.
CVE-2020-4516||IBM Business Process Manager 8.5, 8.6 and IBM Business Automation Workflow 18.0, 19.0, and 20.0 are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182371.
CVE-2020-4520||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0 and 11.1 could allow a remote attacker to inject malicious HTML code that when viewed by the authenticated victim would execute the code. IBM X-Force ID: 182395.
CVE-2020-4521||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0 and 7.6.1 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by an unsafe deserialization in Java. By sending specially-crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 182396.
CVE-2020-4522||IBM Jazz Team Server based Applications are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182397.
CVE-2020-4524||IBM Jazz Foundation products is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182434.
CVE-2020-4525||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182435.
CVE-2020-4526||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0 and 7.6.1 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 182436.
CVE-2020-4527||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to set the Secure flag for the session cookie in TLS mode. By intercepting its transmission within an HTTP session, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to capture the cookie and obtain sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 182631.
CVE-2020-4528||IBM MQ Appliance (IBM DataPower Gateway 10.0.0.0 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.12) could allow a local user, under special conditions, to obtain highly sensitive information from log files. IBM X-Force ID: 182658.
CVE-2020-4529||IBM Maximo Asset Management 7.6.0 and 7.6.1 is vulnerable to server side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 182713.
CVE-2020-4530||IBM Business Automation Workflow C.D.0 and IBM Business Process Manager 8.0, 8.5, and 8.6 are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-ForceID: 182714.
CVE-2020-4531||IBM Business Automation Workflow 18.0, 19.0, and 20.0 and IBM Business Process Manager 8.0, 8.5, and 8.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 182715.
CVE-2020-4532||IBM Business Automation Workflow and IBM Business Process Manager (IBM Business Process Manager Express 8.5.5, 8.5.6, 8.5.7, and 8.6) could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 182716.
CVE-2020-4533||IBM Jazz Reporting Service 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, and 7.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182717.
CVE-2020-4534||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 could allow a local authenticated attacker to gain elevated privileges on the system, caused by improper handling of UNC paths. By scheduling a task with a specially-crafted UNC path, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code with higher privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 182808.
CVE-2020-4535||IBM OpenPages GRC Platform 8.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 182906.
CVE-2020-4536||IBM OpenPages GRC Platform 8.1 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 182907.
CVE-2020-4539||IBM Jazz Reporting Service 6.0.2, 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, 7.0, and 7.0.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session.
CVE-2020-4541||IBM Jazz Reporting Service 7.0 and 7.0.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 183039.
CVE-2020-4542||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-force ID: 183046.
CVE-2020-4544||IBM Jazz Foundation Products could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183189.
CVE-2020-4545||IBM Aspera Connect 3.9.9 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by improper loading of Dynamic Link Libraries by the import feature. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted .DLL file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183190.
CVE-2020-4546||IBM Jazz Team Server based Applications are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 183314.
CVE-2020-4547||IBM Jazz Foundation products could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 183315.
CVE-2020-4548||IBM Content Navigator 3.0.7 and 3.0.8 is vulnerable to improper input validation. A malicious administrator could bypass the user interface and send requests to the IBM Content Navigator server with illegal characters that could be stored in the IBM Content Navigator database. IBM X-Force ID: 183316.
CVE-2020-4549||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183317.
CVE-2020-4550||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183318.
CVE-2020-4551||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183319.
CVE-2020-4552||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183320.
CVE-2020-4553||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183321.
CVE-2020-4554||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183322.
CVE-2020-4555||IBM Financial Transaction Manager 3.0.6 and 3.1.0 does not invalidate session after logout which could allow an authenticated user to impersonate another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 183328.
CVE-2020-4557||IBM Business Automation Workflow 18.0, 19.0, and 20.0 and IBM Business Process Manager 8.5 and 8.6 are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 183611.
CVE-2020-4559||IBM Spectrum Protect 7.1 and 8.1 could allow an attacker to cause a denial of service due ti improper validation of user-supplied input. IBM X-Force ID: 183613.
CVE-2020-4560||IBM Financial Transaction Manager 3.2.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session.
CVE-2020-4561||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.0 and 11.1 DQM API allows submitting of all control requests in unauthenticated sessions. This allows a remote attacker who can access a valid CA endpoint to read and write files to the Cognos Analytics system. IBM X-Force ID: 183903.
CVE-2020-4562||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information by allowing cross-window communication with unrestricted target origin via documentation frames.
CVE-2020-4564||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 6.0.3.1 and IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.0.3.1 are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 183933.
CVE-2020-4565||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.5 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information due to insecure communications being used between the application and server. IBM X-Force ID: 183935.
CVE-2020-4566||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.6.0 through 5.2.6.5 and 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 stores potentially highly sensitive information in log files that could be read by an authenticated user. IBM X-Force ID: 184083.
CVE-2020-4567||IBM Tivoli Key Lifecycle Manager 3.0.1 and 4.0 uses an inadequate account lockout setting that could allow a remote attacker to brute force account credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 184156.
CVE-2020-4568||IBM Tivoli Key Lifecycle Manager 3.0, 3.0.1, and 4.0 stores user credentials in plain in clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 184157.
CVE-2020-4569||IBM Tivoli Key Lifecycle Manager 3.0.1 and 4.0 uses a protection mechanism that relies on the existence or values of an input, but the input can be modified by an untrusted actor in a way that bypasses the protection mechanism. IBM X-Force ID: 184158.
CVE-2020-4572||IBM Tivoli Key Lifecycle Manager 3.0.1 and 4.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 184179.
CVE-2020-4573||IBM Tivoli Key Lifecycle Manager 3.0.1 and 4.0 could disclose sensitive information due to responding to unauthenticated HTTP requests. IBM X-Force ID: 184180.
CVE-2020-4574||IBM Tivoli Key Lifecycle Manager does not require that users should have strong passwords by default, which makes it easier for attackers to compromise user accounts. IBM X-Force ID: 184181.
CVE-2020-4575||IBM WebSphere Application Server ND 8.5 and 9.0, and IBM WebSphere Virtual Enterprise 7.0 and 8.0 are vulnerable to cross-site scripting when High Availability Deployment Manager is configured.
CVE-2020-4576||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.5, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 traditional could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information with a specially-crafted sequence of serialized objects. IBM X-Force ID: 184428.
CVE-2020-4578||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 184433.
CVE-2020-4579||IBM DataPower Gateway 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.12 could allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a specially crafted HTTP/2 request with invalid characters. IBM X-Force ID: 184438.
CVE-2020-4580||IBM DataPower Gateway 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.12 could allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a specially crafted a JSON request with invalid characters. IBM X-Force ID: 184439.
CVE-2020-4581||IBM DataPower Gateway 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.12 could allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a chunked transfer-encoding HTTP/2 request. IBM X-Force ID: 184441.
CVE-2020-4584||IBM i2 iBase 8.9.13 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 184574.
CVE-2020-4587||IBM Sterling Connect:Direct for UNIX 4.2.0, 4.3.0, 6.0.0, and 6.1.0 is vulnerable to a stack based buffer ovreflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A local attacker could manipulate CD UNIX to obtain root provileges. IBM X-Force ID: 184578.
CVE-2020-4588||IBM i2 iBase 8.9.13 could allow an attacker to upload arbitrary executable files which, when executed by an unsuspecting victim could result in code execution. IBM X-Force ID: 184579.
CVE-2020-4589||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with a specially-crafted sequence of serialized objects from untrusted sources. IBM X-Force ID: 184585.
CVE-2020-4590||IBM WebSphere Application Server Liberty 17.0.0.3 through 20.0.0.9 running oauth-2.0 or openidConnectServer-1.0 server features is vulnerable to a denial of service attack conducted by an authenticated client. IBM X-Force ID: 184650.
CVE-2020-4591||IBM Spectrum Protect Server 8.1.0.000 through 8.1.10.000 could disclose sensitive information in nondefault settings due to occasionally not encrypting the second chunk of an object in an encrypted container pool. IBM X-Force ID: 184746.
CVE-2020-4592||IBM MQ Appliance 9.1.CD and LTS could allow an authenticated user, under nondefault configuration to cause a data corruption attack due to an error when using segmented messages.
CVE-2020-4593||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 stores user credentials in plain in clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 184747.
CVE-2020-4594||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 184800.
CVE-2020-4595||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 184819.
CVE-2020-4596||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 184812.
CVE-2020-4597||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 184822.
CVE-2020-4598||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 could allow a remote attacker to conduct phishing attacks, using an open redirect attack. By persuading a victim to visit a specially crafted Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to spoof the URL displayed to redirect a user to a malicious Web site that would appear to be trusted. This could allow the attacker to obtain highly sensitive information or conduct further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 184823.
CVE-2020-4599||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 184824.
CVE-2020-4600||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 184832.
CVE-2020-4602||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 stores user credentials in plain in clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 184836.
CVE-2020-4603||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.1 performs an operation at a privilege level that is higher than the minimum level required, which creates new weaknesses or amplifies the consequences of other weaknesses. IBM X-Force ID: 184880.
CVE-2020-4604||IBM Security Guardium Insights 2.0.2 stores user credentials in plain in clear text which can be read by a local privileged user. IBM X-Force ID: 184861.
CVE-2020-4606||IBM Security Verify Privilege Manager 10.8 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A local attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 184883.
CVE-2020-4607||IBM Security Secret Server (IBM Security Verify Privilege Vault Remote 1.2 ) could allow a local user to bypass security restrictions due to improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 184884.
CVE-2020-4609||IBM Security Sevret Server (IBM Security Verify Privilege Manager 10.8.2) is vulnerable to a buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A local attacker could overflow a buffer and execute arbitrary code on the system or cause the system to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 184917.
CVE-2020-4610||IBM Security Secret Server (IBM Security Verify Privilege Manager 10.8.2 ) could allow a local user to execute code due to improper integrity checks. IBM X-Force ID: 184919.
CVE-2020-4611||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 could allow an authenticated user to bypass security and execute actions reserved for admins. IBM X-Force ID: 184922.
CVE-2020-4612||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information using a specially crafted HTTP request. IBM X-Force ID: 184924.
CVE-2020-4613||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 184925.
CVE-2020-4614||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 184927.
CVE-2020-4615||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 184928.
CVE-2020-4616||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 could disclose sensitive username information to an attacker using a specially crafted HTTP request. IBM X-Force ID: 184929.
CVE-2020-4617||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 184930.
CVE-2020-4618||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 could allow a privileged user to cause a denial of service due to improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 184937.
CVE-2020-4619||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 stores user credentials in plain in clear text which can be read by an authenticated user. IBM X-Force ID: 184976.
CVE-2020-4620||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to upload arbitrary files, caused by the improper validation of file extensions. By sending a specially-crafted HTTP request, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to upload a malicious file, which could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the vulnerable system. IBM X-Force ID: 184979.
CVE-2020-4621||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 could allow an authenticated user to escalate their privileges to administrator due to insufficient authorization checks. IBM X-Force ID: 184981.
CVE-2020-4622||IBM Data Risk Manager (iDNA) 2.0.6 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 184983.
CVE-2020-4623||IBM i2 iBase 8.9.13 could allow a local authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a DLL search order hijacking flaw. By using a specially-crafted .DLL file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 184984.
CVE-2020-4624||IBM Cloud Pak for Security 1.3.0.1 (CP4S) uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms during negotiation could allow an attacker to decrypt sensitive information.
CVE-2020-4625||IBM Cloud Pak for Security 1.3.0.1(CP4S) could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to set the HTTPOnly flag. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information from the cookie.
CVE-2020-4626||IBM Cloud Pak for Security 1.3.0.1 (CP4S) could reveal sensitive information about the internal network to an authenticated user using a specially crafted HTTP request. IBM X-Force ID: 185362.
CVE-2020-4627||IBM Cloud Pak for Security 1.3.0.1(CP4S) potentially vulnerable to CVS Injection. A remote attacker could execute arbitrary commands on the system, caused by improper validation of csv file contents. IBM X-Force ID: 185367.
CVE-2020-4628||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.3.0.1 and 1.4.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 185369.
CVE-2020-4629||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 could allow a local user with specialized access to obtain sensitive information from a detailed technical error message. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 185370.
CVE-2020-4631||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 agent files, in non-default configurations, on Windows are assigned access to everyone with full control permissions, which could allow a local user to cause interruption of the service operations. IBM X-Force ID: 185372.
CVE-2020-4632||IBM InfoSphere Metadata Asset Manager 11.7 is vulnerable to server-side request forgery. By sending a specially crafted request, a remote authenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability to submit or control server requests. IBM X-Force ID: 185416.
CVE-2020-4633||IBM Resilient SOAR V38.0 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by formula injection due to improper input validation.
CVE-2020-4635||IBM Resilient SOAR 40 and earlier could disclose sensitive information by allowing a user to enumerate usernames.
CVE-2020-4636||IBM Resilient OnPrem 38.2 could allow a privileged user to inject malicious commands through Python3 scripting. IBM X-Force ID: 185503.
CVE-2020-4638||IBM API Connect's API Manager 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.12 is vulnerable to privilege escalation. An invitee to an API Provider organization can escalate privileges by manipulating the invitation link. IBM X-Force ID: 185508.
CVE-2020-4640||Certain IBM API Connect 10.0.0.0 through 10.0.1.0 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.13 configurations can result in sensitive information in the URL fragment identifiers. This information can be cached in the intermediate nodes like proxy servers, cdn, logging platforms, etc. An attacker can make use of this information to perform attacks by impersonating a user. IBM X-Force ID: 185510.
CVE-2020-4642||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow local attacker to cause a denial of service inside the "DB2 Management Service".
CVE-2020-4643||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 185590.
CVE-2020-4644||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0.0 through 2.0.9.1 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 185716.
CVE-2020-4645||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0.0 through 2.0.9.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 185717.
CVE-2020-4646||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5, 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.3, and 6.1.0.0 through 6.1.0.2 could allow an authenticated user to view pages they shoiuld not have access to due to improper authorization control.
CVE-2020-4647||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 2.2.6.5 and 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote attacker could send specially crafted SQL statements, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database.
CVE-2020-4648||A vulnerability exsists in IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 whereby avatars in Planning Analytics Workspace could be modified by other users without authorization to do so. IBM X-Force ID: 186019.
CVE-2020-4649||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0.9.2 and IBM Planning Analytics Workspace 57 could expose data to non-privleged users by not invalidating TM1Web user sessions. IBM X-Force ID: 186022.
CVE-2020-4650||IBM Maximo Spatial Asset Management 7.6.0.3, 7.6.0.4, 7.6.0.5, and 7.6.1.0 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 186023.
CVE-2020-4651||IBM Maximo Spatial Asset Management 7.6.0.3, 7.6.0.4, 7.6.0.5, and 7.6.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 186024.
CVE-2020-4653||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow a remote attacker to conduct phishing attacks, using an open redirect attack. By persuading a victim to visit a specially-crafted Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to spoof the URL displayed to redirect a user to a malicious Web site that would appear to be trusted. This could allow the attacker to obtain highly sensitive information or conduct further attacks against the victim.
CVE-2020-4654||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.1.1.0 could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information due to improper permission control. IBM X-Force ID: 186090.
CVE-2020-4655||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 and 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5 is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote attacker could send specially crafted SQL statements, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database. IBM X-Force ID: 186091.
CVE-2020-4657||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator 5.2.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 Standard Edition is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186094.
CVE-2020-4658||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186095.
CVE-2020-4660||IBM Security Access Manager 9.0.7 and IBM Security Verify Access 10.0.0 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive using timing side channel attacks which could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 186140.
CVE-2020-4661||IBM Security Access Manager 9.0.7 and IBM Security Verify Access 10.0.0 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive using timing side channel attacks which could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 186142.
CVE-2020-4662||IBM Event Streams 10.0.0 could allow an authenticated user to perform tasks to a schema due to improper authentication validation. IBM X-Force ID: 186233.
CVE-2020-4663||IBM Engineering Requirements Quality Assistant On-Premises is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186234.
CVE-2020-4664||IBM Engineering Requirements Quality Assistant On-Premises is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186235.
CVE-2020-4665||IBM Sterling File Gateway 2.2.0.0 through 2.2.6.5 and 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 186280.
CVE-2020-4666||IBM Engineering Requirements Quality Assistant On-Premises is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186281.
CVE-2020-4667||IBM Engineering Requirements Quality Assistant On-Premises could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information due to improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 186282.
CVE-2020-4668||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.5, 6.1.0.0 through 6.1.0.3, and 6.1.1.0 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 186283.
CVE-2020-4669||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 connects to a MongoDB server. MongoDB, a document-oriented database system, is listening on the remote port, and it is configured to allow connections without password authentication. A remote attacker can gain unauthorized access to the database. IBM X-Force ID: 184600.
CVE-2020-4670||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 connects to a Redis server. The Redis server, an in-memory data structure store, running on the remote host is not protected by password authentication. A remote attacker can exploit this to gain unauthorized access to the server. IBM X-Force ID: 186401.
CVE-2020-4671||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 and 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5 stores potentially sensitive information in log files that could be read by an authenticatedl user. IBM X-Force ID: 186284.
CVE-2020-4672||IBM Business Automation Workflow 20.0.0.1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186285.
CVE-2020-4673||IBM Workload Automation 9.5 stores sensitive information in HTML comments that could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 186286.
CVE-2020-4674||IBM Workload Automation 9.5 stores the server path in URLs that could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 186287.
CVE-2020-4675||IBM InfoSphere Master Data Management Server 11.6 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 186324.
CVE-2020-4678||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 could allow an attacker with admin access to obtain and read files that they normally would not have access to. IBM X-Force ID: 186423.
CVE-2020-4679||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186424.
CVE-2020-4680||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186426.
CVE-2020-4681||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186427.
CVE-2020-4682||IBM MQ 7.5, 8.0, 9.0, 9.1, 9.2 LTS, and 9.2 CD could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by an unsafe deserialization of trusted data. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 186509.
CVE-2020-4685||A low level user of IBM Cognos Controller 10.3.0, 10.3.1, 10.4.0, 10.4.1, and 10.4.2 who has Administration rights to the server where the application is installed, can escalate their privilege from Low level to Super Admin and gain access to Create/Update/Delete any level of user in Cognos Controller. IBM X-Force ID: 186625.
CVE-2020-4686||IBM Spectrum Virtualize 8.3.1 could allow a remote user authenticated via LDAP to escalate their privileges and perform actions they should not have access to. IBM X-Force ID: 186678.
CVE-2020-4687||IBM Content Navigator 3.0.7 and 3.0.8 could allow an authenticated user to view cached content of another user that they should not have access to. IBM X-Force ID: 186679.
CVE-2020-4688||IBM Security Guardium 10.6 and 11.2 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system as an unprivileged user, caused by command injection vulnerability. IBM X-Force ID: 186700.
CVE-2020-4689||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 is vulnerable to CVS Injection. A remote privileged attacker could execute arbitrary commands on the system, caused by improper validation of csv file contents. IBM X-ForceID: 186696.
CVE-2020-4690||IBM Security Guardium 11.3 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 186697.
CVE-2020-4691||IBM Jazz Foundation Products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186698.
CVE-2020-4692||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 and 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5 could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information from the Dashboard UI. IBM X-Force ID: 186780.
CVE-2020-4693||IBM Spectrum Protect Operations Center 7.1.0.000 through 7.1.10 and 8.1.0.000 through 8.1.9 may allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by improper validation of data prior to export. IBM X-Force ID: 186782.
CVE-2020-4695||IBM API Connect V10 is impacted by insecure communications during database replication. As the data replication happens over insecure communication channels, an attacker can view unencrypted data leading to a loss of confidentiality.
CVE-2020-4696||IBM Cloud Pak for Security 1.3.0.1(CP4S) does not invalidate session after logout which could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information from the previous session. IBM X-Force ID: 186789.
CVE-2020-4697||IBM Jazz Foundation products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186790.
CVE-2020-4698||IBM Business Process Manager 8.5, 8.6 and IBM Business Automation Workflow 18.0, 19.0, and 20.0 are vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 186841.
CVE-2020-4699||IBM Security Access Manager 9.0.7 and IBM Security Verify Access 10.0.0 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive using timing side channel attacks which could aid in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 186947.
CVE-2020-4700||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 and 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5 could allow an authenticated user belonging to a specific user group to create a user or group with administrative privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 187077.
CVE-2020-4701||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 is vulnerable to a buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking which could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with root privileges.
CVE-2020-4702||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.7 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 187187.
CVE-2020-4703||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 Administrative Console could allow an authenticated attacker to upload arbitrary files which could be execute arbitrary code on the vulnerable server. This vulnerability is due to an incomplete fix for CVE-2020-4470. IBM X-Force ID: 187188.
CVE-2020-4704||IBM Content Navigator 3.0CD is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 187189.
CVE-2020-4705||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 and 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 187190.
CVE-2020-4706||IBM API Connect 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.8.10 is vulnerable to HTTP header injection, caused by improper validation of input by the HOST headers. By sending a specially crafted HTTP request, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to inject HTTP HOST header, which will allow the attacker to conduct various attacks against the vulnerable system, including cross-site scripting, cache poisoning or session hijacking. IBM X-Force ID: 187194.
CVE-2020-4707||IBM API Connect 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.8.11 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 187370.
CVE-2020-4708||IBM Security Trusteer Pinpoint Detect 11.6.5 could disclose some information due to using a wildcard in the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header. IBM X-Force ID: 187371.
CVE-2020-4711||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to view arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 187501.
CVE-2020-4717||A vulnerability exists in IBM SPSS Modeler Subscription Installer that allows a user with create symbolic link permission to write arbitrary file in another protected path during product installation. IBM X-Force ID: 187727.
CVE-2020-4718||IBM Jazz Reporting Service 6.0.6, 6.0.6.1, 7.0, and 7.0.1 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 187731.
CVE-2020-4719||The IBM Cloud APM 8.1.4 server will issue a DNS request to resolve any hostname specified in the Cloud Event Management Webhook URL configuration definition. This could enable an authenticated user with admin authorization to create DNS query strings that are not hostnames. IBM X-Force ID: 187861.
CVE-2020-4721||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.0 and 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 187868.
CVE-2020-4722||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.0 and 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 187870.
CVE-2020-4723||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.0 and 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 187873.
CVE-2020-4724||IBM i2 Analyst Notebook 9.2.0 and 9.2.1 could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by a memory corruption. By persuading a victim to open a specially-crafted file, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system.
CVE-2020-4725||IBM Monitoring (IBM Cloud APM 8.1.4 ) could allow an authenticated user to modify HTML content by sending a specially crafted HTTP request to the APM UI, which could mislead another user. IBM X-Force ID: 187974.
CVE-2020-4726||The IBM Application Performance Monitoring UI (IBM Cloud APM 8.1.4) allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 187975.
CVE-2020-4727||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.7 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim.
CVE-2020-4731||IBM Aspera Web Application 1.9.14 PL1 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188055.
CVE-2020-4732||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information due to lack of security restrictions. IBM X-Force ID: 188126.
CVE-2020-4733||IBM Jazz Foundation products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188127.
CVE-2020-4739||IBM DB2 Accessories Suite for Linux, UNIX, and Windows, DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow a local authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by DLL search order hijacking vulnerability in Microsoft Windows client. By placing a specially crafted file in a compromised folder, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 188149.
CVE-2020-4740||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.5 and 11.7 is vulnerable to HTML injection. A remote attacker could inject malicious HTML code, which when viewed, would be executed in the victim's Web browser within the security context of the hosting site. IBM X-Force ID: 188150.
CVE-2020-4741||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.5 and 11.7 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188197.
CVE-2020-4747||IBM Connect:Direct for UNIX 6.1.0, 6.0.0, 4.3.0, and 4.2.0 can allow a local or remote user to obtain an authenticated CLI session due to improper authentication methods. IBM X-Force ID: 188516.
CVE-2020-4748||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0 through 5.0.5.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188517.
CVE-2020-4749||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0 through 5.0.5.2 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 188518.
CVE-2020-4755||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0 through 5.0.5.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188595.
CVE-2020-4756||IBM Spectrum Scale V4.2.0.0 through V4.2.3.23 and V5.0.0.0 through V5.0.5.2 as well as IBM Elastic Storage System 6.0.0 through 6.0.1.0 could allow a local attacker to invoke a subset of ioctls on the device with invalid arguments that could crash the keneral and cause a denial of service. IBM X-Force ID: 188599.
CVE-2020-4757||IBM FileNet Content Manager and IBM Content Navigator 3.0.CD is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188600.
CVE-2020-4759||IBM FileNet Content Manager 5.5.4 and 5.5.5 is potentially vulnerable to CVS Injection. A remote attacker could execute arbitrary commands on the system, caused by improper validation of csv file contents. IBM X-Force ID: 188736.
CVE-2020-4760||IBM Content Navigator 3.0CD is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188737.
CVE-2020-4761||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5_2, 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2, and 6.1.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 188895.
CVE-2020-4762||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 5.2.6.5_2, 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2, and 6.1.0.0 could allow an authenticated user to create a privileged account due to improper access controls. IBM X-Force ID: 188896.
CVE-2020-4763||IBM Sterling File Gateway 6.0.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 and 2.2.0.0 through 2.2.6.5 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 188897.
CVE-2020-4764||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 188898.
CVE-2020-4765||IBM Cloud Pak for Multicloud Management prior to 2.3 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 188902.
CVE-2020-4766||IBM MQ Internet Pass-Thru 2.1 and 9.2 could allow a remote user to cause a denial of service by sending malformed MQ data requests which would consume all available resources. IBM X-Force ID: 188093.
CVE-2020-4767||IBM Sterling Connect Direct for Microsoft Windows 4.7, 4.8, 6.0, and 6.1 could allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service, caused by a buffer over-read. Bysending a specially crafted request, the attacker could cause the application to crash. IBM X-Force ID: 188906.
CVE-2020-4768||IBM Case Manager 5.2 and 5.3 and IBM Business Automation Workflow 18.0, 19.0, and 20.0 are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 188907.
CVE-2020-4771||IBM Spectrum Protect Operations Center 8.1.0.000 through 8.1.10.and 7.1.0.000 through 7.1.11 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by improper authentication of a websocket endpoint. By using known tools to subscribe to the websocket event stream, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 188993.
CVE-2020-4772||An XML External Entity Injection (XXE) vulnerability may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information, denial of service, server side request forgery or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 189150.
CVE-2020-4773||A cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10, which is an attack that forces a user to execute unwanted actions on the web application while they are currently authenticated. This applies to a single server class only, with no impact to remainder of web application. IBM X-Force ID: 189151.
CVE-2020-4774||An XPath vulnerability may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10, caused by the improper handling of user-supplied input. By sending a specially-crafted input, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain unauthorized access or reveal sensitive information such as XML document structure and content. IBM X-Force ID: 189152.
CVE-2020-4775||A cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10. This vulnerability allows attackers to inject malicious scripts into web applications for the purpose of running unwanted actions on the end user's device, restricted to a single location. IBM X-Force ID: 189153.
CVE-2020-4776||A path traversal vulnerability may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10, which could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted file path in URL request to view arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 189154.
CVE-2020-4778||IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10 uses MD5 algorithm for hashing token in a single instance which less safe than default SHA-256 cryptographic algorithm used throughout the Cram application. IBM X-Force ID: 189156.
CVE-2020-4779||A HTTP Verb Tampering vulnerability may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10. By sending a specially-crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to bypass security access controls. IBM X-Force ID: 189156.
CVE-2020-4780||OOTB build scripts does not set the secure attribute on session cookie which may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0,10. The purpose of the 'secure' attribute is to prevent cookies from being observed by unauthorized parties. IBM X-Force ID: 189158.
CVE-2020-4781||An improper input validation before calling java readLine() method may impact IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.10, which could result in a denial of service. IBM X-Force ID: 189159.
CVE-2020-4782||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to view arbitrary files on the system.
CVE-2020-4783||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 189214.
CVE-2020-4785||IBM App Connect Enterprise Certified Container 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.0.3, and 1.0.4 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 189219.
CVE-2020-4786||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.4.2 GA to 7.4.2 Patch 1, 7.4.0 to 7.4.1 Patch 1, and 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 5 is vulnerable to server side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 189221.
CVE-2020-4787||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.4.2 GA to 7.4.2 Patch 1, 7.4.0 to 7.4.1 Patch 1, and 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 5 is vulnerable to server side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 189224.
CVE-2020-4788||IBM Power9 (AIX 7.1, 7.2, and VIOS 3.1) processors could allow a local user to obtain sensitive information from the data in the L1 cache under extenuating circumstances. IBM X-Force ID: 189296.
CVE-2020-4789||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.4.2 GA to 7.4.2 Patch 1, 7.4.0 to 7.4.1 Patch 1, and 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 5 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to view arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 189302.
CVE-2020-4790||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow a user to cause a denial of service due to improperly validating a supplied URL, rendering the application unusuable. IBM X-Force ID: 189375.
CVE-2020-4791||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information using main in the middle attacks due to improper certificate validation. IBM X-Force ID: 189379.
CVE-2020-4792||IBM Edge 4.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 189441.
CVE-2020-4794||IBM Automation Workstream Services 19.0.3, 20.0.1, 20.0.2, IBM Business Automation Workflow 18.0, 19.0, and 20.0 and IBM Business Process Manager 8.6 could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information or cuase a denial of service due to iimproper authorization checking. IBM X-Force ID: 189445.
CVE-2020-4795||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could disclose sensitive information to an unauthorized user using a specially crafted HTTP request. IBM X-Force ID: 189446.
CVE-2020-4799||IBM Informix spatial 14.10 could allow a local user to execute commands as a privileged user due to an out of bounds write vulnerability. IBM X-Force ID: 189460.
CVE-2020-4803||IBM Edge 4.2 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 189535.
CVE-2020-4805||IBM Edge 4.2 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 189539.
CVE-2020-4809||IBM Edge 4.2 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 189633.
CVE-2020-4811||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.4.0.0, 1.5.0.0, 1.5.0.1, 1.6.0.0, and 1.6.0.1 could allow a privileged user to inject inject malicious data using a specially crafted HTTP request due to improper input validation.
CVE-2020-4815||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.4.0.0 could allow a remote user to obtain sensitive information from HTTP response headers that could be used in further attacks against the system.
CVE-2020-4816||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.4.0.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 189703.
CVE-2020-4820||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.4.0.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session.
CVE-2020-4821||IBM InfoSphere Data Replication 11.4 and IBM InfoSphere Change Data Capture for z/OS 10.2.1, under certain configurations, could allow a user to bypass authentication mechanisms using an empty password string. IBM X-Force ID: 189834
CVE-2020-4825||IBM API Connect 10.0.0.0 through 10.0.1.0 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.13 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 189839.
CVE-2020-4826||IBM API Connect 10.0.0.0 through 10.0.1.0 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.13 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 189840.
CVE-2020-4827||IBM API Connect 10.0.0.0 through 10.0.1.0 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.13 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 189841.
CVE-2020-4828||IBM API Connect 10.0.0.0 through 10.0.1.0 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.13 is vulnerable to web cache poisoning, caused by improper input validation by modifying HTTP request headers. IBM X-Force ID: 189842.
CVE-2020-4829||IBM AIX 7.1, 7.2, and VIOS 3.1 could allow a local user to exploit a vulnerability in the ksu user command to gain root privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 189960.
CVE-2020-4831||IBM DataPower Gateway 10.0.0.0 through 10.0.1.0 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 189965.
CVE-2020-4832||IBM PowerHA 7.2 could allow a local attacker to obtain sensitive information from temporary directories after a discovery failure occurs. IBM X-Force ID: 189969.
CVE-2020-4838||IBM API Connect 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.8.10 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190036.
CVE-2020-4839||IBM Host firmware for LC-class Systems is vulnerable to a stack based buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking. A remote privileged attacker could exploit this vulnerability and cause a denial of service. IBM X-Force ID: 190037.
CVE-2020-4840||IBM Security Secret Server 10.6 could allow a remote attacker to conduct phishing attacks, using an open redirect attack. By persuading a victim to visit a specially crafted Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to spoof the URL displayed to redirect a user to a malicious Web site that would appear to be trusted. This could allow the attacker to obtain highly sensitive information or conduct further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 190044.
CVE-2020-4841||IBM Security Secret Server 10.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 190045.
CVE-2020-4842||IBM Security Secret Server 10.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 190046.
CVE-2020-4843||IBM Security Secret Server 10.6 stores potentially sensitive information in config files that could be read by an authenticated user. IBM X-Force ID: 190048.
CVE-2020-4845||IBM Security Key Lifecycle Manager 3.0.1 and 4.0 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190289.
CVE-2020-4846||IBM Security Key Lifecycle Manager 3.0.1 and 4.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 190290.
CVE-2020-4848||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 6.2.7.9, 7.0.5.4, and 7.1.1.1 could allow an authenticated user to initiate a plugin or compare process resources that they should not have access to. IBM X-Force ID: 190293.
CVE-2020-4849||IBM Tivoli Netcool Impact 7.1.0.0 through 7.1.0.19 Interim Fix 7 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by a reverse tabnabbing flaw. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability and redirect a vitcim to a phishing site. IBM X-Force ID: 190294.
CVE-2020-4850||IBM Spectrum Scale 1.1.1.0 through 1.1.8.4 Transparent Cloud Tiering could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the leftover files after configuration. IBM X-Force ID: 190298.
CVE-2020-4851||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0 through 5.0.5.5 and 5.1.0 through 5.1.0.2 could allow a local user to poison log files which could impact support and development efforts. IBM X-Force ID: 190450.
CVE-2020-4854||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 thorugh 10.1.6 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 190454.
CVE-2020-4855||IBM Jazz Foundation products is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190457.
CVE-2020-4856||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190459.
CVE-2020-4857||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190460.
CVE-2020-4863||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190566.
CVE-2020-4864||IBM Resilient SOAR V38.0 could allow an attacker on the internal net work to provide the server with a spoofed source IP address. IBM X-Force ID: 190567.
CVE-2020-4865||IBM Jazz Foundation products is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190741.
CVE-2020-4866||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190742.
CVE-2020-4869||IBM MQ Appliance 9.2 CD and 9.2 LTS is vulnerable to a denial of service, caused by a buffer overflow. A remote attacker could send a specially crafted SNMP query to cause the appliance to reload. IBM X-Force ID: 190831.
CVE-2020-4870||IBM MQ 9.2 CD and LTS are vulnerable to a denial of service attack caused by an error processing connecting applications. IBM X-Force ID: 190833.
CVE-2020-4871||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 190834.
CVE-2020-4873||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information due to an overly permissive CORS policy. IBM X-Force ID: 190836.
CVE-2020-4875||IBM Cognos Controller 10.4.0, 10.4.1, and 10.4.2 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 190838.
CVE-2020-4876||IBM Cognos Controller 10.4.0, 10.4.1, and 10.4.2 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 190839.
CVE-2020-4877||IBM Cognos Controller 10.4.0, 10.4.1, and 10.4.2 could be vulnerable to unauthorized modifications by using public fields in public classes. IBM X-Force ID: 190843.
CVE-2020-4879||IBM Cognos Controller 10.4.0, 10.4.1, and 10.4.2 could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions, caused by improper validation of authentication cookies. IBM X-Force ID: 190847.
CVE-2020-4881||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the lack of server hostname verification for SSL/TLS communication. By sending a specially-crafted request, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 190851.
CVE-2020-4882||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could be vulnerable to a Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) attack by constucting URLs from user-controlled data . This could enable attackers to make arbitrary requests to the internal network or to the local file system. IBM X-Force ID: 190852.
CVE-2020-4883||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 could disclose sensitive information about other domains which could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 190907.
CVE-2020-4884||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 6.2.7.9, 7.0.5.4, and 7.1.1.1 stores user credentials in plain in clear text which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 190908.
CVE-2020-4885||IBM Db2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes Db2 Connect Server) 11.5 could allow a local user to access and change the configuration of Db2 due to a race condition of a symbolic link,. IBM X-Force ID: 190909.
CVE-2020-4886||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.7 stores sensitive information in the browser's history that could be obtained by a user who has access to the same system. IBM X-Force ID: 190910.
CVE-2020-4887||IBM AIX 7.1, 7.2 and AIX VIOS 3.1 could allow a local user to exploit a vulnerability in the gencore user command to create arbitrary files in any directory. IBM X-Force ID: 190911.
CVE-2020-4888||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.4.0 to 7.4.2 Patch 1 and 7.3.0 to 7.3.3 Patch 7 could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the system, caused by insecure deserialization of user-supplied content by the Java deserialization function. By sending a malicious serialized Java object, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 190912.
CVE-2020-4889||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0 through 5.0.5.4 and 5.1.0 could allow a local user to poison log files which could impact support and development efforts. IBM X-Force ID: 190971.
CVE-2020-4890||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0 through 5.0.5.5 and 5.1.0 through 5.1.0.2 could allow a local user with a valid role to the REST API to cause a denial of service due to weak or absense of rate limiting. IBM X-Force ID: 190973.
CVE-2020-4891||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.0 through 5.0.5.5 and 5.1.0 through 5.1.0.2 uses an inadequate account lockout setting that could allow a local user er to brute force Rest API account credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 190974.
CVE-2020-4892||IBM Emptoris Contract Management 10.1.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190979.
CVE-2020-4893||IBM Emptoris Strategic Supply Management 10.1.0, 10.1.1, and 10.1.3 transmits sensitive information in HTTP GET request parameters. This may lead to information disclosure via man in the middle methods. IBM X-Force ID: 190984.
CVE-2020-4895||IBM Emptoris Strategic Supply Management 10.1.0, 10.1.1, and 10.1.3 is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 190986.
CVE-2020-4896||IBM Emptoris Sourcing 10.1.0, 10.1.1, and 10.1.3 is vulnerable to web cache poisoning, caused by improper input validation by modifying HTTP request headers. IBM X-Force ID: 190987.
CVE-2020-4897||IBM Emptoris Contract Management and IBM Emptoris Spend Analysis 10.1.0, 10.1.1, and 10.1.3 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 190988.
CVE-2020-4898||IBM Emptoris Strategic Supply Management 10.1.3 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 190989.
CVE-2020-4899||IBM API Connect 5.0.0.0 through 5.0.8.10 could potentially leak sensitive information or allow for data corruption due to plain text transmission of sensitive information across the network. IBM X-Force ID: 190990.
CVE-2020-4900||IBM Business Automation Workflow 19.0.0.3 stores potentially sensitive information in log files that could be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 190991.
CVE-2020-4901||IBM Robotic Process Automation with Automation Anywhere 11.0 could allow an attacker on the network to obtain sensitive information or cause a denial of service through username enumeration. IBM X-Force ID: 190992.
CVE-2020-4902||IBM Datacap Taskmaster Capture (IBM Datacap Navigator 9.1.7) is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote attacker could send specially crafted SQL statements, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database. IBM X-Force ID: 191045.
CVE-2020-4903||IBM API Connect V10 and V2018 could allow an attacker who has intercepted a registration invitation link to impersonate the registered user or obtain sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 191105.
CVE-2020-4904||IBM Financial Transaction Manager for SWIFT Services for Multiplatforms 3.2.4 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts.
CVE-2020-4905||IBM Financial Transaction Manager for SWIFT Services for Multiplatforms 3.2.4 could allow an remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by a man in the middle attack. By SSL striping, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.
CVE-2020-4906||IBM Financial Transaction Manager for SWIFT Services for Multiplatforms 3.2.4 allows web pages to be stored locally which can be read by another user on the system.
CVE-2020-4907||IBM Financial Transaction Manager for SWIFT Services for Multiplatforms 3.2.4 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information when a detailed technical error message is returned in the browser. This information could be used in further attacks against the system.
CVE-2020-4908||IBM Financial Transaction Manager for SWIFT Services for Multiplatforms 3.2.4 returns the product version and release information on the login dialog. This information could be used in further attacks against the system.
CVE-2020-4909||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 191273.
CVE-2020-4910||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 191274.
CVE-2020-4912||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 Self Service Console could allow a privilege escalation by capturing the user request URL when logged in as a privileged user. IBM X-Force ID: 191287.
CVE-2020-4913||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 could reveal credential information in the HTTP response to a local privileged user. IBM X-Force ID: 191288.
CVE-2020-4916||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 191390.
CVE-2020-4917||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 191391.
CVE-2020-4918||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 could allow l local privileged user to disclose sensitive information due to an insecure direct object reference in sell service console for the Platform System Manager. IBM X-Force ID: 191392.
CVE-2020-4919||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 has insufficient logout controls which could allow an authenticated privileged user to impersonate another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 191395.
CVE-2020-4920||IBM Jazz Team Server products are vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 191396.
CVE-2020-4921||IBM Security Guardium 10.6 and 11.2 is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote attacker could send specially crafted SQL statements, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database. IBM X-Force ID: 191398.
CVE-2020-4925||A security vulnerability in the Spectrum Scale 5.0 and 5.1 allows a non-root user to overflow the mmfsd daemon with requests and preventing the daemon to service other requests. IBM X-Force ID: 191599.
CVE-2020-4926||A vulnerability in the Spectrum Scale 5.1 core component and IBM Elastic Storage System 6.1 could allow unauthorized access to user data or injection of arbitrary data in the communication protocol. IBM X-Force ID: 191600.
CVE-2020-4928||IBM Cloud Pak System 2.3 could allow a local privileged attacker to upload arbitrary files. By intercepting the request and modifying the file extention, the attacker could execute arbitrary code on the server. IBM X-Force ID: 191705.
CVE-2020-4929||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 191706.
CVE-2020-4931||IBM MQ 9.1 LTS, 9.2 LTS, and 9.1 CD AMQP Channels could allow an authenticated user to cause a denial of service due to an issue processing messages. IBM X-Force ID: 191747.
CVE-2020-4932||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 contains hard-coded credentials, such as a password or cryptographic key, which it uses for its own inbound authentication, outbound communication to external components, or encryption of internal data. IBM X-Force ID: 191748.
CVE-2020-4933||IBM Jazz Reporting Service 6.0.6.1, 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 191751.
CVE-2020-4934||IBM Content Navigator 3.0.CD could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. An attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to view arbitrary files on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 191752.
CVE-2020-4935||IBM Datacap Fastdoc Capture (IBM Datacap Navigator 9.1.7 ) is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 191753.
CVE-2020-4937||IBM Sterling B2B Integrator Standard Edition 5.2.0.0 through 6.0.3.2 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 191814.
CVE-2020-4938||IBM MQ Appliance 9.1 and 9.2 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 191815.
CVE-2020-4941||IBM Edge 4.2 could reveal sensitive version information about the server from error pages that could aid an attacker in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 191941.
CVE-2020-4942||IBM Curam Social Program Management 7.0.9 and 7.0.11 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 191942.
CVE-2020-4944||IBM UrbanCode Deploy (UCD) 7.0.3.0, 7.0.4.0, 7.0.5.3, 7.0.5.4, 7.1.0.0, 7.1.1.0, 7.1.1.1, and 7.1.1.2, stores keystore passwords in plain text after a manual edit, which can be read by a local user. IBM X-Force ID: 191944.
CVE-2020-4945||IBM Db2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes Db2 Connect Server) 11.5 could allow an authenticated user to overwrite arbirary files due to improper group permissions. IBM X-Force ID: 191945.
CVE-2020-4949||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 192025.
CVE-2020-4951||IBM Cognos Analytics 11.1.7 and 11.2.0 contains locally cached browser data, that could allow a local attacker to obtain sensitive information.
CVE-2020-4952||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 could allow an authenticated user to gain root access due to improper access control. IBM X-Force ID: 192028.
CVE-2020-4953||IBM Planning Analytics 2.0 could allow a remote authenticated attacker to obtain information about an organization's internal structure by exposing sensitive information in HTTP repsonses. IBM X-Force ID: 192029.
CVE-2020-4954||IBM Spectrum Protect Operations Center 7.1 and 8.1 could allow a remote attacker to bypass authentication restrictions, caused by improper session validation . By using the configuration panel to obtain a valid session using an attacker controlled IBM Spectrum Protect server, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to bypass authentication and gain access to a limited number of debug functions, such as logging levels. IBM X-Force ID: 192153.
CVE-2020-4955||IBM Spectrum Protect Operations Center 7.1 and 8.1could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system, caused by improper parameter validation. By creating an unspecified servlet request with specially crafted input parameters, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to load a malicious .dll with elevated privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 192155.
CVE-2020-4956||IBM Spectrum Protect Operations Center 7.1 and 8.1 is vulnerable to a denial of service, caused by a RPC that allows certain cache values to be set and dumped to a file. By setting a grossly large cache value and dumping that cached value to a file multiple times, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to cause the consumption of all memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 192156.
CVE-2020-4957||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could disclose sensitive information in URL parameters that could aid in future attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 192208.
CVE-2020-4958||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 does not perform any authentication for functionality that requires a provable user identity or consumes a significant amount of resources. IBM X-Force ID: 192209.
CVE-2020-4964||IBM Jazz Team Server products contain an undisclosed vulnerability that could allow an authenticated user to present a customized message on the application which could be used to phish other users. IBM X-Force ID: 192419.
CVE-2020-4965||IBM Jazz Team Server products use weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 192422.
CVE-2020-4966||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 does not set the secure attribute on authorization tokens or session cookies. Attackers may be able to get the cookie values by sending a http:// link to a user or by planting this link in a site the user goes to. The cookie will be sent to the insecure link and the attacker can then obtain the cookie value by snooping the traffic. IBM X-Force ID: 192423.
CVE-2020-4967||IBM Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) 1.3.0.1 could disclose sensitive information through HTTP headers which could be used in further attacks against the system. IBM X-Force ID: 192425.
CVE-2020-4968||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 uses weaker than expected cryptographic algorithms that could allow an attacker to decrypt highly sensitive information. IBM X-Force ID: 192427.
CVE-2020-4969||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques.
CVE-2020-4970||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.4, 5.2.5, and 5.2.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive information, caused by the failure to properly enable HTTP Strict Transport Security. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information using man in the middle techniques. IBM X-Force ID: 192429.
CVE-2020-4974||IBM Jazz Foundation products are vulnerable to server side request forgery (SSRF). This may allow an authenticated attacker to send unauthorized requests from the system, potentially leading to network enumeration or facilitating other attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 192434.
CVE-2020-4975||IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 192435.
CVE-2020-4976||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow a local user to read and write specific files due to weak file permissions. IBM X-Force ID: 192469.
CVE-2020-4977||IBM Engineering Lifecycle Optimization - Publishing is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 192470.
CVE-2020-4979||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 is vulnerable to insecure inter-deployment communication. An attacker that is able to comprimise or spoof traffic between hosts may be able to execute arbitrary commands. IBM X-Force D: 192538.
CVE-2020-4980||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 uses less secure methods for protecting data in transit between hosts when encrypt host connections is not enabled as well as data at rest. IBM X-Force ID: 192539.
CVE-2020-4981||IBM Spectrum Scale 5.0.4.1 through 5.1.0.3 could allow a local privileged user to overwrite files due to improper input validation. IBM X-Force ID: 192541.
CVE-2020-4983||IBM Spectrum LSF 10.1 and IBM Spectrum LSF Suite 10.2 could allow a user on the local network who has privileges to submit LSF jobs to execute arbitrary commands. IBM X-Force ID: 192586.
CVE-2020-4985||IBM Planning Analytics Local 2.0 could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information due to accepting body parameters in a query. IBM X-Force ID: 192642.
CVE-2020-4987||The IBM FlashSystem 900 user management GUI is vulnerable to stored cross-site scripting in code versions 1.5.2.8 and prior and 1.6.1.2 and prior. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session.
CVE-2020-4988||Loopback 8.0.0 contains a vulnerability that could allow an attacker to manipulate or pollute Javascript values and cause a denial of service or possibly execute code. IBM X-Force ID: 192706.
CVE-2020-4989||IBM Engineering Workflow Management 7.0, 7.0.1, and 7.0.2 and IBM Rational Team Concert 6.0.6 and 6.0.0.1 could allow an authenticated user to obtain sensitive information about build definitions. IBM X-Force ID: 192707.
CVE-2020-4990||IBM Security Guardium 11.2 is vulnerable to SQL injection. A remote attacker could send specially crafted SQL statements, which could allow the attacker to view, add, modify or delete information in the back-end database. IBM X-Force ID: 192710.
CVE-2020-4992||IBM DataPower Gateway 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.16 is vulnerable to cross-site request forgery which could allow an attacker to execute malicious and unauthorized actions transmitted from a user that the website trusts. IBM X-Force ID: 192737.
CVE-2020-4993||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 when decompressing or verifying signature of zip files processes data in a way that may be vulnerable to path traversal attacks. IBM X-Force ID: 192905.
CVE-2020-4994||IBM DataPower Gateway 10.0.1.0 through 10.0.1.4 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.17 could allow a remote user to cause a temporary denial of service by sending invalid HTTP requests. IBM X-Force ID: 192906.
CVE-2020-4995||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 does not invalidate session after logout which could allow a user to obtain sensitive information from another users' session. IBM X-Force ID: 192912.
CVE-2020-4996||IBM Security Identity Governance and Intelligence 5.2.6 could allow a local user to obtain sensitive information via the capturing of screenshots of authentication credentials. IBM X-Force ID: 192913.
CVE-2020-4997||IBM InfoSphere Information Server 11.7 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 192914
CVE-2020-5000||IBM Financial Transaction Manager 3.0.2 and 3.2.4 is vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 192952.
CVE-2020-5003||IBM Financial Transaction Manager 3.2.4 is vulnerable to an XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 192956.
CVE-2020-5004||IBM Jazz Foundation products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 192957.
CVE-2020-5008||IBM DataPower Gateway 10.0.0.0 through 10.0.1.0 and 2018.4.1.0 through 2018.4.1.14 stores sensitive information in GET request parameters. This may lead to information disclosure if unauthorized parties have access to the URLs via server logs, referrer header or browser history. IBM X-Force ID: 193033.
CVE-2020-5013||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 may vulnerable to a XML External Entity Injection (XXE) attack when processing XML data. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to expose sensitive information or consume memory resources. IBM X-Force ID: 193245.
CVE-2020-5014||IBM DataPower Gateway V10 and V2018 could allow a local attacker with administrative privileges to execute arbitrary code on the system using a server-side requesr forgery attack. IBM X-Force ID: 193247.
CVE-2020-5015||IBM Elastic Storage System 6.0.0 through 6.0.1.2 and IBM Elastic Storage Server 5.3.0 through 5.3.6.2 could allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending malformed UDP requests. IBM X-Force ID: 193486.
CVE-2020-5016||IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0, 8.0, 8.5, and 9.0 could allow a remote attacker to traverse directories on the system. When application security is disabled and JAX-RPC applications are present, an attacker could send a specially-crafted URL request containing "dot dot" sequences (/../) to view arbitrary xml files on the system. This does not occur if Application security is enabled. IBM X-Force ID: 193556.
CVE-2020-5017||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 may allow a local user to obtain access to information beyond their intended role and permissions. IBM X-Force ID: 193653.
CVE-2020-5018||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 may include sensitive information in its URLs increasing the risk of such information being caputured by an attacker. IBM X-Force ID: 193654.
CVE-2020-5019||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 is vulnerable to HTTP header injection, caused by improper validation of input by the HOST headers. By sending a specially crafted HTTP request, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to inject HTTP HOST header, which will allow the attacker to conduct various attacks against the vulnerable system, including cross-site scripting, cache poisoning or session hijacking. IBM X-Force ID: 193655.
CVE-2020-5020||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 could allow a remote attacker to hijack the clicking action of the victim. By persuading a victim to visit a malicious Web site, a remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to hijack the victim's click actions and possibly launch further attacks against the victim. IBM X-Force ID: 193656.
CVE-2020-5021||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 does not invalidate session after a password reset which could allow a local user to impersonate another user on the system. IBM X-Force ID: 193657.
CVE-2020-5022||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.6 may allow unauthenticated and unauthorized access to VDAP proxy which can result in an attacker obtaining information they are not authorized to access. IBM X-Force ID: 193658.
CVE-2020-5023||IBM Spectrum Protect Plus 10.1.0 through 10.1.7 could allow a remote user to inject arbitrary data iwhich could cause the serivce to crash due to excess resource consumption. IBM X-Force ID: 193659.
CVE-2020-5024||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 could allow an unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial of service due a hang in the SSL handshake response. IBM X-Force ID: 193660.
CVE-2020-5025||IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (includes DB2 Connect Server) 9.7, 10.1, 10.5, 11.1, and 11.5 db2fm is vulnerable to a buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking which could allow a local attacker to execute arbitrary code on the system with root privileges. IBM X-Force ID: 193661.
CVE-2020-5030||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 193737.
CVE-2020-5031||IBM Jazz Foundation and IBM Engineering products are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. This vulnerability allows users to embed arbitrary JavaScript code in the Web UI thus altering the intended functionality potentially leading to credentials disclosure within a trusted session. IBM X-Force ID: 193738.
CVE-2020-5032||IBM QRadar SIEM 7.3 and 7.4 in some configurations may be vulnerable to a temporary denial of service attack when sent particular payloads. IBM X-Force ID: 194178.
CVE-2020-5036||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5037||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5038||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5039||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5040||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5041||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5042||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5043||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5044||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5045||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5046||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5047||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5048||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5049||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5050||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5051||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5052||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5053||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5054||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5055||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5056||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5057||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5058||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5059||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5060||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5061||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5062||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5063||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5064||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5065||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5066||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5067||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5068||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5069||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5070||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5071||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5072||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5073||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5074||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5075||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5076||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5077||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5078||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5079||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5080||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5081||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5082||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5083||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5084||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5085||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5086||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5087||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5088||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5089||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5090||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5091||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5092||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5093||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5094||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5095||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5096||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5097||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5098||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5099||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5100||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5101||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5102||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5103||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5104||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5105||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5106||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5107||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5108||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5109||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5110||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5111||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5112||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5113||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5114||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5115||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5116||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5117||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5118||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5119||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5120||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5121||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5122||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5123||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5124||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5125||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5126||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5127||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5128||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was in a CNA pool that was not assigned to any issues during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5129||A vulnerability in the SonicWall SMA1000 HTTP Extraweb server allows an unauthenticated remote attacker to cause HTTP server crash which leads to Denial of Service. This vulnerability affected SMA1000 Version 12.1.0-06411 and earlier.
CVE-2020-5130||SonicOS SSLVPN LDAP login request allows remote attackers to cause external service interaction (DNS) due to improper validation of the request. This vulnerability impact SonicOS version 6.5.4.4-44n and earlier.
CVE-2020-5131||SonicWall NetExtender Windows client vulnerable to arbitrary file write vulnerability, this allows attacker to overwrite a DLL and execute code with the same privilege in the host operating system. This vulnerability impact SonicWall NetExtender Windows client version 9.0.815 and earlier.
CVE-2020-5132||SonicWall SSL-VPN products and SonicWall firewall SSL-VPN feature misconfiguration leads to possible DNS flaw known as domain name collision vulnerability. When the users publicly display their organizations internal domain names in the SSL-VPN authentication page, an attacker with knowledge of internal domain names can potentially take advantage of this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-5133||A vulnerability in SonicOS allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service due to buffer overflow, which leads to a firewall crash. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 6 version 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5134||A vulnerability in SonicOS allows an authenticated attacker to cause out-of-bound invalid file reference leads to a firewall crash. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 6 version 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5135||A buffer overflow vulnerability in SonicOS allows a remote attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) and potentially execute arbitrary code by sending a malicious request to the firewall. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5136||A buffer overflow vulnerability in SonicOS allows an authenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) in the SSL-VPN and virtual assist portal, which leads to a firewall crash. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5137||A buffer overflow vulnerability in SonicOS allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) on the firewall SSLVPN service and leads to firewall crash. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5138||A Heap Overflow vulnerability in the SonicOS allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) on the firewall SSLVPN service and leads to SonicOS crash. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version SonicOS 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5139||A vulnerability in SonicOS SSLVPN service allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) due to the release of Invalid pointer and leads to a firewall crash. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version SonicOS 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5140||A vulnerability in SonicOS allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause Denial of Service (DoS) on the firewall SSLVPN service by sending a malicious HTTP request that leads to memory addresses leak. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version SonicOS 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5141||A vulnerability in SonicOS allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to brute force Virtual Assist ticket ID in the firewall SSLVPN service. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version SonicOS 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5142||A stored cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in the SonicOS SSLVPN web interface. A remote unauthenticated attacker is able to store and potentially execute arbitrary JavaScript code in the firewall SSLVPN portal. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version SonicOS 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5143||SonicOS SSLVPN login page allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to perform firewall management administrator username enumeration based on the server responses. This vulnerability affected SonicOS Gen 5 version 5.9.1.7, 5.9.1.13, Gen 6 version 6.5.4.7, 6.5.1.12, 6.0.5.3, SonicOSv 6.5.4.v and Gen 7 version SonicOS 7.0.0.0.
CVE-2020-5144||SonicWall Global VPN client version 4.10.4.0314 and earlier allows unprivileged windows user to elevate privileges to SYSTEM through loaded process hijacking vulnerability.
CVE-2020-5145||SonicWall Global VPN client version 4.10.4.0314 and earlier have an insecure library loading (DLL hijacking) vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to remote code execution in the target system.
CVE-2020-5146||A vulnerability in SonicWall SMA100 appliance allow an authenticated management-user to perform OS command injection using HTTP POST parameters. This vulnerability affected SMA100 Appliance version 10.2.0.2-20sv and earlier.
CVE-2020-5147||SonicWall NetExtender Windows client vulnerable to unquoted service path vulnerability, this allows a local attacker to gain elevated privileges in the host operating system. This vulnerability impact SonicWall NetExtender Windows client version 10.2.300 and earlier.
CVE-2020-5148||SonicWall SSO-agent default configuration uses NetAPI to probe the associated IP's in the network, this client probing method allows a potential attacker to capture the password hash of the privileged user and potentially forces the SSO Agent to authenticate allowing an attacker to bypass firewall access controls.
CVE-2020-5179||Comtech Stampede FX-1010 7.4.3 devices allow remote authenticated administrators to execute arbitrary OS commands by navigating to the Diagnostics Ping page and entering shell metacharacters in the Target IP address field. (In some cases, authentication can be achieved with the comtech password for the comtech account.)
CVE-2020-5180||Viscosity 1.8.2 on Windows and macOS allows an unprivileged user to set a subset of OpenVPN parameters, which can be used to load a malicious library into the memory of the OpenVPN process, leading to limited local privilege escalation. (When a VPN connection is initiated using a TLS/SSL client profile, the privileges are dropped, and the library will be loaded, resulting in arbitrary code execution as a user with limited privileges. This greatly reduces the impact of the vulnerability.)
CVE-2020-5182||The J-BusinessDirectory extension before 5.2.9 for Joomla! allows Reverse Tabnabbing. In some configurations, the link to the business website can be entered by any user. If it doesn't contain rel="noopener" (or similar attributes such as noreferrer), the tabnabbing may occur. To reproduce the bug, create a business with a website link that contains JavaScript to exploit the window.opener property (for example, by setting window.opener.location).
CVE-2020-5183||FTPGetter Professional 5.97.0.223 is vulnerable to a memory corruption bug when a user sends a specially crafted string to the application. This memory corruption bug can possibly be classified as a NULL pointer dereference.
CVE-2020-5186||DNN (formerly DotNetNuke) through 9.4.4 allows XSS (issue 1 of 2).
CVE-2020-5187||DNN (formerly DotNetNuke) through 9.4.4 allows Path Traversal (issue 2 of 2).
CVE-2020-5188||DNN (formerly DotNetNuke) through 9.4.4 has Insecure Permissions.
CVE-2020-5191||PHPGurukul Hospital Management System in PHP v4.0 suffers from multiple Persistent XSS vulnerabilities.
CVE-2020-5192||PHPGurukul Hospital Management System in PHP v4.0 suffers from multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities: multiple pages and parameters are not validating user input, and allow for the application's database and information to be fully compromised.
CVE-2020-5193||PHPGurukul Hospital Management System in PHP v4.0 suffers from multiple reflected XSS vulnerabilities via the searchdata or Doctorspecialization parameter.
CVE-2020-5194||The zip API endpoint in Cerberus FTP Server 8 allows an authenticated attacker without zip permission to use the zip functionality via an unrestricted API endpoint. Improper permission verification occurs when calling the file/ajax_download_zip/zip_name endpoint. The result is that a user without permissions can zip and download files even if they do not have permission to view whether the file exists.
CVE-2020-5195||Reflected XSS through an IMG element in Cerberus FTP Server prior to versions 11.0.1 and 10.0.17 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary JavaScript or HTML via a crafted public folder URL. This occurs because of the folder_up.png IMG element not properly sanitizing user-inserted directory paths. The path modification must be done on a publicly shared folder for a remote attacker to insert arbitrary JavaScript or HTML. The vulnerability impacts anyone who clicks the malicious link crafted by the attacker.
CVE-2020-5196||Cerberus FTP Server Enterprise Edition prior to versions 11.0.3 and 10.0.18 allows an authenticated attacker to create files, display hidden files, list directories, and list files without the permission to zip and download (or unzip and upload) files. There are multiple ways to bypass certain permissions by utilizing the zip and unzip features. As a result, users without permission can see files, folders, and hidden files, and can create directories without permission.
CVE-2020-5197||An issue was discovered in GitLab Community Edition (CE) and Enterprise Edition (EE) 5.1 through 12.6.1. It has Incorrect Access Control.
CVE-2020-5202||apt-cacher-ng through 3.3 allows local users to obtain sensitive information by hijacking the hardcoded TCP port. The /usr/lib/apt-cacher-ng/acngtool program attempts to connect to apt-cacher-ng via TCP on localhost port 3142, even if the explicit SocketPath=/var/run/apt-cacher-ng/socket command-line option is passed. The cron job /etc/cron.daily/apt-cacher-ng (which is active by default) attempts this periodically. Because 3142 is an unprivileged port, any local user can try to bind to this port and will receive requests from acngtool. There can be sensitive data in these requests, e.g., if AdminAuth is enabled in /etc/apt-cacher-ng/security.conf. This sensitive data can leak to unprivileged local users that manage to bind to this port before the apt-cacher-ng daemon can.
CVE-2020-5203||In Fat-Free Framework 3.7.1, attackers can achieve arbitrary code execution if developers choose to pass user controlled input (e.g., $_REQUEST, $_GET, or $_POST) to the framework's Clear method.
CVE-2020-5204||In uftpd before 2.11, there is a buffer overflow vulnerability in handle_PORT in ftpcmd.c that is caused by a buffer that is 16 bytes large being filled via sprintf() with user input based on the format specifier string %d.%d.%d.%d. The 16 byte size is correct for valid IPv4 addresses (len(&#39;255.255.255.255&#39;) == 16), but the format specifier %d allows more than 3 digits. This has been fixed in version 2.11
CVE-2020-5205||In Pow (Hex package) before 1.0.16, the use of Plug.Session in Pow.Plug.Session is susceptible to session fixation attacks if a persistent session store is used for Plug.Session, such as Redis or a database. Cookie store, which is used in most Phoenix apps, doesn't have this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-5206||In Opencast before 7.6 and 8.1, using a remember-me cookie with an arbitrary username can cause Opencast to assume proper authentication for that user even if the remember-me cookie was incorrect given that the attacked endpoint also allows anonymous access. This way, an attacker can, for example, fake a remember-me token, assume the identity of the global system administrator and request non-public content from the search service without ever providing any proper authentication. This problem is fixed in Opencast 7.6 and Opencast 8.1
CVE-2020-5207||In Ktor before 1.3.0, request smuggling is possible when running behind a proxy that doesn't handle Content-Length and Transfer-Encoding properly or doesn't handle \n as a headers separator.
CVE-2020-5208||It's been found that multiple functions in ipmitool before 1.8.19 neglect proper checking of the data received from a remote LAN party, which may lead to buffer overflows and potentially to remote code execution on the ipmitool side. This is especially dangerous if ipmitool is run as a privileged user. This problem is fixed in version 1.8.19.
CVE-2020-5209||In NetHack before 3.6.5, unknown options starting with -de and -i can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to influence command line options. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
CVE-2020-5210||In NetHack before 3.6.5, an invalid argument to the -w command line option can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to influence command line options. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
CVE-2020-5211||In NetHack before 3.6.5, an invalid extended command in value for the AUTOCOMPLETE configuration file option can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to upload their own configuration files. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
CVE-2020-5212||In NetHack before 3.6.5, an extremely long value for the MENUCOLOR configuration file option can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to upload their own configuration files. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
CVE-2020-5213||In NetHack before 3.6.5, too long of a value for the SYMBOL configuration file option can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to upload their own configuration files. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
CVE-2020-5214||In NetHack before 3.6.5, detecting an unknown configuration file option can cause a buffer overflow resulting in a crash or remote code execution/privilege escalation. This vulnerability affects systems that have NetHack installed suid/sgid and shared systems that allow users to upload their own configuration files. Users should upgrade to NetHack 3.6.5.
CVE-2020-5215||In TensorFlow before 1.15.2 and 2.0.1, converting a string (from Python) to a tf.float16 value results in a segmentation fault in eager mode as the format checks for this use case are only in the graph mode. This issue can lead to denial of service in inference/training where a malicious attacker can send a data point which contains a string instead of a tf.float16 value. Similar effects can be obtained by manipulating saved models and checkpoints whereby replacing a scalar tf.float16 value with a scalar string will trigger this issue due to automatic conversions. This can be easily reproduced by tf.constant("hello", tf.float16), if eager execution is enabled. This issue is patched in TensorFlow 1.15.1 and 2.0.1 with this vulnerability patched. TensorFlow 2.1.0 was released after we fixed the issue, thus it is not affected. Users are encouraged to switch to TensorFlow 1.15.1, 2.0.1 or 2.1.0.
CVE-2020-5216||In Secure Headers (RubyGem secure_headers), a directive injection vulnerability is present in versions before 3.9.0, 5.2.0, and 6.3.0. If user-supplied input was passed into append/override_content_security_policy_directives, a newline could be injected leading to limited header injection. Upon seeing a newline in the header, rails will silently create a new Content-Security-Policy header with the remaining value of the original string. It will continue to create new headers for each newline. This has been fixed in 6.3.0, 5.2.0, and 3.9.0.
CVE-2020-5217||In Secure Headers (RubyGem secure_headers), a directive injection vulnerability is present in versions before 3.8.0, 5.1.0, and 6.2.0. If user-supplied input was passed into append/override_content_security_policy_directives, a semicolon could be injected leading to directive injection. This could be used to e.g. override a script-src directive. Duplicate directives are ignored and the first one wins. The directives in secure_headers are sorted alphabetically so they pretty much all come before script-src. A previously undefined directive would receive a value even if SecureHeaders::OPT_OUT was supplied. The fixed versions will silently convert the semicolons to spaces and emit a deprecation warning when this happens. This will result in innocuous browser console messages if being exploited/accidentally used. In future releases, we will raise application errors resulting in 500s. Depending on what major version you are using, the fixed versions are 6.2.0, 5.1.0, 3.8.0.
CVE-2020-5218||Affected versions of Sylius give attackers the ability to switch channels via the _channel_code GET parameter in production environments. This was meant to be enabled only when kernel.debug is set to true. However, if no sylius_channel.debug is set explicitly in the configuration, the default value which is kernel.debug will be not resolved and cast to boolean, enabling this debug feature even if that parameter is set to false. Patch has been provided for Sylius 1.3.x and newer - 1.3.16, 1.4.12, 1.5.9, 1.6.5. Versions older than 1.3 are not covered by our security support anymore.
CVE-2020-5219||Angular Expressions before version 1.0.1 has a remote code execution vulnerability if you call expressions.compile(userControlledInput) where userControlledInput is text that comes from user input. If running angular-expressions in the browser, an attacker could run any browser script when the application code calls expressions.compile(userControlledInput). If running angular-expressions on the server, an attacker could run any Javascript expression, thus gaining Remote Code Execution.
CVE-2020-5220||Sylius ResourceBundle accepts and uses any serialisation groups to be passed via a HTTP header. This might lead to data exposure by using an unintended serialisation group - for example it could make Shop API use a more permissive group from Admin API. Anyone exposing an API with ResourceBundle's controller is affected. The vulnerable versions are: <1.3 || >=1.3.0 <=1.3.12 || >=1.4.0 <=1.4.5 || >=1.5.0 <=1.5.0 || >=1.6.0 <=1.6.2. The patch is provided for Sylius ResourceBundle 1.3.13, 1.4.6, 1.5.1 and 1.6.3, but not for any versions below 1.3.
CVE-2020-5221||In uftpd before 2.11, it is possible for an unauthenticated user to perform a directory traversal attack using multiple different FTP commands and read and write to arbitrary locations on the filesystem due to the lack of a well-written chroot jail in compose_abspath(). This has been fixed in version 2.11
CVE-2020-5222||Opencast before 7.6 and 8.1 enables a remember-me cookie based on a hash created from the username, password, and an additional system key. This means that an attacker getting access to a remember-me token for one server can get access to all servers which allow log-in using the same credentials without ever needing the credentials. This problem is fixed in Opencast 7.6 and Opencast 8.1
CVE-2020-5223||In PrivateBin versions 1.2.0 before 1.2.2, and 1.3.0 before 1.3.2, a persistent XSS attack is possible. Under certain conditions, a user provided attachment file name can inject HTML leading to a persistent Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability. The vulnerability has been fixed in PrivateBin v1.3.2 & v1.2.2. Admins are urged to upgrade to these versions to protect the affected users.
CVE-2020-5224||In Django User Sessions (django-user-sessions) before 1.7.1, the views provided allow users to terminate specific sessions. The session key is used to identify sessions, and thus included in the rendered HTML. In itself this is not a problem. However if the website has an XSS vulnerability, the session key could be extracted by the attacker and a session takeover could happen.
CVE-2020-5225||Log injection in SimpleSAMLphp before version 1.18.4. The www/erroreport.php script, which receives error reports and sends them via email to the system administrator, did not properly sanitize the report identifier obtained from the request. This allows an attacker, under specific circumstances, to inject new log lines by manually crafting this report ID. When configured to use the file logging handler, SimpleSAMLphp will output all its logs by appending each log line to a given file. Since the reportID parameter received in a request sent to www/errorreport.php was not properly sanitized, it was possible to inject newline characters into it, effectively allowing a malicious user to inject new log lines with arbitrary content.
CVE-2020-5226||Cross-site scripting in SimpleSAMLphp before version 1.18.4. The www/erroreport.php script allows error reports to be submitted and sent to the system administrator. Starting with SimpleSAMLphp 1.18.0, a new SimpleSAML\Utils\EMail class was introduced to handle sending emails, implemented as a wrapper of an external dependency. This new wrapper allows us to use Twig templates in order to create the email sent with an error report. Since Twig provides automatic escaping of variables, manual escaping of the free-text field in www/errorreport.php was removed to avoid double escaping. However, for those not using the new user interface yet, an email template is hardcoded into the class itself in plain PHP. Since no escaping is provided in this template, it is then possible to inject HTML inside the template by manually crafting the contents of the free-text field.
CVE-2020-5227||Feedgen (python feedgen) before 0.9.0 is susceptible to XML Denial of Service attacks. The *feedgen* library allows supplying XML as content for some of the available fields. This XML will be parsed and integrated into the existing XML tree. During this process, feedgen is vulnerable to XML Denial of Service Attacks (e.g. XML Bomb). This becomes a concern in particular if feedgen is used to include content from untrused sources and if XML (including XHTML) is directly included instead of providing plain tex content only. This problem has been fixed in feedgen 0.9.0 which disallows XML entity expansion and external resources.
CVE-2020-5228||Opencast before 8.1 and 7.6 allows unauthorized public access to all media and metadata by default via OAI-PMH. OAI-PMH is part of the default workflow and is activated by default, requiring active user intervention of users to protect media. This leads to users unknowingly handing out public access to events without their knowledge. The problem has been addressed in Opencast 7.6 and 8.1 where the OAI-PMH endpoint is configured to require users with `ROLE_ADMIN` by default. In addition to this, Opencast 9 removes the OAI-PMH publication from the default workflow, making the publication a conscious decision users have to make by updating their workflows.
CVE-2020-5229||Opencast before 8.1 stores passwords using the rather outdated and cryptographically insecure MD5 hash algorithm. Furthermore, the hashes are salted using the username instead of a random salt, causing hashes for users with the same username and password to collide which is problematic especially for popular users like the default `admin` user. This essentially means that for an attacker, it might be feasible to reconstruct a user's password given access to these hashes. Note that attackers needing access to the hashes means that they must gain access to the database in which these are stored first to be able to start cracking the passwords. The problem is addressed in Opencast 8.1 which now uses the modern and much stronger bcrypt password hashing algorithm for storing passwords. Note, that old hashes remain MD5 until the password is updated. For a list of users whose password hashes are stored using MD5, take a look at the `/user-utils/users/md5.json` REST endpoint.
CVE-2020-5230||Opencast before 8.1 and 7.6 allows almost arbitrary identifiers for media packages and elements to be used. This can be problematic for operation and security since such identifiers are sometimes used for file system operations which may lead to an attacker being able to escape working directories and write files to other locations. In addition, Opencast's Id.toString() vs Id.compact() behavior, the latter trying to mitigate some of the file system problems, can cause errors due to identifier mismatch since an identifier may unintentionally change. This issue is fixed in Opencast 7.6 and 8.1.
CVE-2020-5231||In Opencast before 7.6 and 8.1, users with the role ROLE_COURSE_ADMIN can use the user-utils endpoint to create new users not including the role ROLE_ADMIN. ROLE_COURSE_ADMIN is a non-standard role in Opencast which is referenced neither in the documentation nor in any code (except for tests) but only in the security configuration. From the name  implying an admin for a specific course  users would never expect that this role allows user creation. This issue is fixed in 7.6 and 8.1 which both ship a new default security configuration.
CVE-2020-5232||A user who owns an ENS domain can set a trapdoor, allowing them to transfer ownership to another user, and later regain ownership without the new owners consent or awareness. A new ENS deployment is being rolled out that fixes this vulnerability in the ENS registry.
CVE-2020-5233||OAuth2 Proxy before 5.0 has an open redirect vulnerability. Authentication tokens could be silently harvested by an attacker. This has been patched in version 5.0.
CVE-2020-5234||MessagePack for C# and Unity before version 1.9.11 and 2.1.90 has a vulnerability where untrusted data can lead to DoS attack due to hash collisions and stack overflow. Review the linked GitHub Security Advisory for more information and remediation steps.
CVE-2020-5235||There is a potentially exploitable out of memory condition In Nanopb before 0.4.1, 0.3.9.5, and 0.2.9.4. When nanopb is compiled with PB_ENABLE_MALLOC, the message to be decoded contains a repeated string, bytes or message field and realloc() runs out of memory when expanding the array nanopb can end up calling `free()` on a pointer value that comes from uninitialized memory. Depending on platform this can result in a crash or further memory corruption, which may be exploitable in some cases. This problem is fixed in nanopb-0.4.1, nanopb-0.3.9.5, nanopb-0.2.9.4.
CVE-2020-5236||Waitress version 1.4.2 allows a DOS attack When waitress receives a header that contains invalid characters. When a header like "Bad-header: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\x10" is received, it will cause the regular expression engine to catastrophically backtrack causing the process to use 100% CPU time and blocking any other interactions. This allows an attacker to send a single request with an invalid header and take the service offline. This issue was introduced in version 1.4.2 when the regular expression was updated to attempt to match the behaviour required by errata associated with RFC7230. The regular expression that is used to validate incoming headers has been updated in version 1.4.3, it is recommended that people upgrade to the new version of Waitress as soon as possible.
CVE-2020-5237||Multiple relative path traversal vulnerabilities in the oneup/uploader-bundle before 1.9.3 and 2.1.5 allow remote attackers to upload, copy, and modify files on the filesystem (potentially leading to arbitrary code execution) via the (1) filename parameter to BlueimpController.php; the (2) dzchunkindex, (3) dzuuid, or (4) filename parameter to DropzoneController.php; the (5) qqpartindex, (6) qqfilename, or (7) qquuid parameter to FineUploaderController.php; the (8) x-file-id or (9) x-file-name parameter to MooUploadController.php; or the (10) name or (11) chunk parameter to PluploadController.php. This is fixed in versions 1.9.3 and 2.1.5.
CVE-2020-5238||The table extension in GitHub Flavored Markdown before version 0.29.0.gfm.1 takes O(n * n) time to parse certain inputs. An attacker could craft a markdown table which would take an unreasonably long time to process, causing a denial of service. This issue does not affect the upstream cmark project. The issue has been fixed in version 0.29.0.gfm.1.
CVE-2020-5239||In Mailu before version 1.7, an authenticated user can exploit a vulnerability in Mailu fetchmail script and gain full access to a Mailu instance. Mailu servers that have open registration or untrusted users are most impacted. The master and 1.7 branches are patched on our git repository. All Docker images published on docker.io/mailu for tags 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 and master are patched. For detailed instructions about patching and securing the server afterwards, see https://github.com/Mailu/Mailu/issues/1354
CVE-2020-5240||In wagtail-2fa before 1.4.1, any user with access to the CMS can view and delete other users 2FA devices by going to the correct path. The user does not require special permissions in order to do so. By deleting the other users device they can disable the target users 2FA devices and potentially compromise the account if they figure out their password. The problem has been patched in version 1.4.1.
CVE-2020-5241||matestack-ui-core (RubyGem) before 0.7.4 is vulnerable to XSS/Script injection. This vulnerability is patched in version 0.7.4.
CVE-2020-5242||openHAB before 2.5.2 allow a remote attacker to use REST calls to install the EXEC binding or EXEC transformation service and execute arbitrary commands on the system with the privileges of the user running openHAB. Starting with version 2.5.2 all commands need to be whitelisted in a local file which cannot be changed via REST calls.
CVE-2020-5243||uap-core before 0.7.3 is vulnerable to a denial of service attack when processing crafted User-Agent strings. Some regexes are vulnerable to regular expression denial of service (REDoS) due to overlapping capture groups. This allows remote attackers to overload a server by setting the User-Agent header in an HTTP(S) request to maliciously crafted long strings. This has been patched in uap-core 0.7.3.
CVE-2020-5244||In BuddyPress before 5.1.2, requests to a certain REST API endpoint can result in private user data getting exposed. Authentication is not needed. This has been patched in version 5.1.2.
CVE-2020-5245||Dropwizard-Validation before 1.3.19, and 2.0.2 may allow arbitrary code execution on the host system, with the privileges of the Dropwizard service account, by injecting arbitrary Java Expression Language expressions when using the self-validating feature. The issue has been fixed in dropwizard-validation 1.3.19 and 2.0.2.
CVE-2020-5246||Traccar GPS Tracking System before version 4.9 has a LDAP injection vulnerability. It occurs when user input is being used in LDAP search filter. By providing specially crafted input, an attacker can modify the logic of the LDAP query and get admin privileges. The issue only impacts instances with LDAP configuration and where users can craft their own names. This has been patched in version 4.9.
CVE-2020-5247||In Puma (RubyGem) before 4.3.2 and before 3.12.3, if an application using Puma allows untrusted input in a response header, an attacker can use newline characters (i.e. `CR`, `LF` or`/r`, `/n`) to end the header and inject malicious content, such as additional headers or an entirely new response body. This vulnerability is known as HTTP Response Splitting. While not an attack in itself, response splitting is a vector for several other attacks, such as cross-site scripting (XSS). This is related to CVE-2019-16254, which fixed this vulnerability for the WEBrick Ruby web server. This has been fixed in versions 4.3.2 and 3.12.3 by checking all headers for line endings and rejecting headers with those characters.
CVE-2020-5248||GLPI before before version 9.4.6 has a vulnerability involving a default encryption key. GLPIKEY is public and is used on every instance. This means anyone can decrypt sensitive data stored using this key. It is possible to change the key before installing GLPI. But on existing instances, data must be reencrypted with the new key. Problem is we can not know which columns or rows in the database are using that; espcially from plugins. Changing the key without updating data would lend in bad password sent from glpi; but storing them again from the UI will work.
CVE-2020-5249||In Puma (RubyGem) before 4.3.3 and 3.12.4, if an application using Puma allows untrusted input in an early-hints header, an attacker can use a carriage return character to end the header and inject malicious content, such as additional headers or an entirely new response body. This vulnerability is known as HTTP Response Splitting. While not an attack in itself, response splitting is a vector for several other attacks, such as cross-site scripting (XSS). This is related to CVE-2020-5247, which fixed this vulnerability but only for regular responses. This has been fixed in 4.3.3 and 3.12.4.
CVE-2020-5250||In PrestaShop before version 1.7.6.4, when a customer edits their address, they can freely change the id_address in the form, and thus steal someone else's address. It is the same with CustomerForm, you are able to change the id_customer and change all information of all accounts. The problem is patched in version 1.7.6.4.
CVE-2020-5251||In parser-server before version 4.1.0, you can fetch all the users objects, by using regex in the NoSQL query. Using the NoSQL, you can use a regex on sessionToken and find valid accounts this way.
CVE-2020-5252||The command-line "safety" package for Python has a potential security issue. There are two Python characteristics that allow malicious code to poison-pill command-line Safety package detection routines by disguising, or obfuscating, other malicious or non-secure packages. This vulnerability is considered to be of low severity because the attack makes use of an existing Python condition, not the Safety tool itself. This can happen if: You are running Safety in a Python environment that you dont trust. You are running Safety from the same Python environment where you have your dependencies installed. Dependency packages are being installed arbitrarily or without proper verification. Users can mitigate this issue by doing any of the following: Perform a static analysis by installing Docker and running the Safety Docker image: $ docker run --rm -it pyupio/safety check -r requirements.txt Run Safety against a static dependencies list, such as the requirements.txt file, in a separate, clean Python environment. Run Safety from a Continuous Integration pipeline. Use PyUp.io, which runs Safety in a controlled environment and checks Python for dependencies without any need to install them. Use PyUp's Online Requirements Checker.
CVE-2020-5253||NetHack before version 3.6.0 allowed malicious use of escaping of characters in the configuration file (usually .nethackrc) which could be exploited. This bug is patched in NetHack 3.6.0.
CVE-2020-5254||In NetHack before 3.6.6, some out-of-bound values for the hilite_status option can be exploited. NetHack 3.6.6 resolves this issue.
CVE-2020-5255||In Symfony before versions 4.4.7 and 5.0.7, when a `Response` does not contain a `Content-Type` header, affected versions of Symfony can fallback to the format defined in the `Accept` header of the request, leading to a possible mismatch between the response&#39;s content and `Content-Type` header. When the response is cached, this can prevent the use of the website by other users. This has been patched in versions 4.4.7 and 5.0.7.
CVE-2020-5256||BookStack before version 0.25.5 has a vulnerability where a user could upload PHP files through image upload functions, which would allow them to execute code on the host system remotely. They would then have the permissions of the PHP process. This most impacts scenarios where non-trusted users are given permission to upload images in any area of the application. The issue was addressed in a series of patches in versions 0.25.3, 0.25.4 and 0.25.5. Users should upgrade to at least v0.25.5 to avoid this vulnerability.
CVE-2020-5257||In Administrate (rubygem) before version 0.13.0, when sorting by attributes on a dashboard, the direction parameter was not validated before being interpolated into the SQL query. This could present a SQL injection if the attacker were able to modify the `direction` parameter and bypass ActiveRecord SQL protections. Whilst this does have a high-impact, to exploit this you need access to the Administrate dashboards, which we would expect to be behind authentication. This is patched in wersion 0.13.0.
CVE-2020-5258||In affected versions of dojo (NPM package), the deepCopy method is vulnerable to Prototype Pollution. Prototype Pollution refers to the ability to inject properties into existing JavaScript language construct prototypes, such as objects. An attacker manipulates these attributes to overwrite, or pollute, a JavaScript application object prototype of the base object by injecting other values. This has been patched in versions 1.12.8, 1.13.7, 1.14.6, 1.15.3 and 1.16.2
CVE-2020-5259||In affected versions of dojox (NPM package), the jqMix method is vulnerable to Prototype Pollution. Prototype Pollution refers to the ability to inject properties into existing JavaScript language construct prototypes, such as objects. An attacker manipulates these attributes to overwrite, or pollute, a JavaScript application object prototype of the base object by injecting other values. This has been patched in versions 1.11.10, 1.12.8, 1.13.7, 1.14.6, 1.15.3 and 1.16.2
CVE-2020-5260||Affected versions of Git have a vulnerability whereby Git can be tricked into sending private credentials to a host controlled by an attacker. Git uses external "credential helper" programs to store and retrieve passwords or other credentials from secure storage provided by the operating system. Specially-crafted URLs that contain an encoded newline can inject unintended values into the credential helper protocol stream, causing the credential helper to retrieve the password for one server (e.g., good.example.com) for an HTTP request being made to another server (e.g., evil.example.com), resulting in credentials for the former being sent to the latter. There are no restrictions on the relationship between the two, meaning that an attacker can craft a URL that will present stored credentials for any host to a host of their choosing. The vulnerability can be triggered by feeding a malicious URL to git clone. However, the affected URLs look rather suspicious; the likely vector would be through systems which automatically clone URLs not visible to the user, such as Git submodules, or package systems built around Git. The problem has been patched in the versions published on April 14th, 2020, going back to v2.17.x. Anyone wishing to backport the change further can do so by applying commit 9a6bbee (the full release includes extra checks for git fsck, but that commit is sufficient to protect clients against the vulnerability). The patched versions are: 2.17.4, 2.18.3, 2.19.4, 2.20.3, 2.21.2, 2.22.3, 2.23.2, 2.24.2, 2.25.3, 2.26.1.
CVE-2020-5261||Saml2 Authentication services for ASP.NET (NuGet package Sustainsys.Saml2) greater than 2.0.0, and less than version 2.5.0 has a faulty implementation of Token Replay Detection. Token Replay Detection is an important defence in depth measure for Single Sign On solutions. The 2.5.0 version is patched. Note that version 1.0.1 is not affected. It has a correct Token Replay Implementation and is safe to use. Saml2 Authentication services for ASP.NET (NuGet package Sustainsys.Saml2) greater than 2.0.0, and less than version 2.5.0 have a faulty implementation of Token Replay Detection. Token Replay Detection is an important defense measure for Single Sign On solutions. The 2.5.0 version is patched. Note that version 1.0.1 and prior versions are not affected. These versions have a correct Token Replay Implementation and are safe to use.
CVE-2020-5262||In EasyBuild before version 4.1.2, the GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) used by EasyBuild for the GitHub integration features (like `--new-pr`, `--fro,-pr`, etc.) is shown in plain text in EasyBuild debug log files. This issue is fixed in EasyBuild v4.1.2, and in the `master`+ `develop` branches of the `easybuild-framework` repository.
CVE-2020-5263||auth0.js (NPM package auth0-js) greater than version 8.0.0 and before version 9.12.3 has a vulnerability. In the case of an (authentication) error, the error object returned by the library contains the original request of the user, which may include the plaintext password the user entered. If the error object is exposed or logged without modification, the application risks password exposure. This is fixed in version 9.12.3
CVE-2020-5264||In PrestaShop before version 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS while running the security compromised page. It allows anyone to execute arbitrary action. The problem is patched in the 1.7.6.5.
CVE-2020-5265||In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.6.1 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS on AdminAttributesGroups page. The problem is patched in 1.7.6.5.
CVE-2020-5266||In the ps_link module for PrestaShop before version 3.1.0, there is a stored XSS when you create or edit a link list block with the title field. The problem is fixed in 3.1.0
CVE-2020-5267||In ActionView before versions 6.0.2.2 and 5.2.4.2, there is a possible XSS vulnerability in ActionView's JavaScript literal escape helpers. Views that use the `j` or `escape_javascript` methods may be susceptible to XSS attacks. The issue is fixed in versions 6.0.2.2 and 5.2.4.2.
CVE-2020-5268||In Saml2 Authentication Services for ASP.NET versions before 1.0.2, and between 2.0.0 and 2.6.0, there is a vulnerability in how tokens are validated in some cases. Saml2 tokens are usually used as bearer tokens - a caller that presents a token is assumed to be the subject of the token. There is also support in the Saml2 protocol for issuing tokens that is tied to a subject through other means, e.g. holder-of-key where possession of a private key must be proved. The Sustainsys.Saml2 library incorrectly treats all incoming tokens as bearer tokens, even though they have another subject confirmation method specified. This could be used by an attacker that could get access to Saml2 tokens with another subject confirmation method than bearer. The attacker could then use such a token to create a log in session. This vulnerability is patched in versions 1.0.2 and 2.7.0.
CVE-2020-5269||In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.6.1 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS on AdminFeatures page by using the `id_feature` parameter. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5270||In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.6.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is an open redirection when using back parameter. The impacts can be many, and vary from the theft of information and credentials to the redirection to malicious websites containing attacker-controlled content, which in some cases even cause XSS attacks. So even though an open redirection might sound harmless at first, the impacts of it can be severe should it be exploitable. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5271||In PrestaShop between versions 1.6.0.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS with `date_from` and `date_to` parameters in the dashboard page This problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5272||In PrestaShop between versions 1.5.5.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS on Search page with `alias` and `search` parameters. The problem is patched in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5273||In PrestaShop module ps_linklist versions before 3.1.0, there is a stored XSS when using custom URLs. The problem is fixed in version 3.1.0
CVE-2020-5274||In Symfony before versions 5.0.5 and 4.4.5, some properties of the Exception were not properly escaped when the `ErrorHandler` rendered it stacktrace. In addition, the stacktrace were displayed even in a non-debug configuration. The ErrorHandler now escape alls properties of the exception, and the stacktrace is only display in debug configuration. This issue is patched in symfony/http-foundation versions 4.4.5 and 5.0.5
CVE-2020-5275||In symfony/security-http before versions 4.4.7 and 5.0.7, when a `Firewall` checks access control rule, it iterate overs each rule's attributes and stops as soon as the accessDecisionManager decides to grant access on the attribute, preventing the check of next attributes that should have been take into account in an unanimous strategy. The accessDecisionManager is now called with all attributes at once, allowing the unanimous strategy being applied on each attribute. This issue is patched in versions 4.4.7 and 5.0.7.
CVE-2020-5276||In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.1.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS on AdminCarts page with `cartBox` parameter The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5277||PrestaShop module ps_facetedsearch versions before 3.5.0 has a reflected XSS with `url_name` parameter. The problem is fixed in 3.5.0
CVE-2020-5278||In PrestaShop between versions 1.5.4.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS on Exception page The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5279||In PrestaShop between versions 1.5.0.0 and 1.7.6.5, there are improper access control since the the version 1.5.0.0 for legacy controllers. - admin-dev/index.php/configure/shop/customer-preferences/ - admin-dev/index.php/improve/international/translations/ - admin-dev/index.php/improve/international/geolocation/ - admin-dev/index.php/improve/international/localization - admin-dev/index.php/configure/advanced/performance - admin-dev/index.php/sell/orders/delivery-slips/ - admin-dev/index.php?controller=AdminStatuses The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5280||http4s before versions 0.18.26, 0.20.20, and 0.21.2 has a local file inclusion vulnerability. This vulnerability applies to all users of org.http4s.server.staticcontent.FileService, org.http4s.server.staticcontent.ResourceService and org.http4s.server.staticcontent.WebjarService. URI normalization is applied incorrectly. Requests whose path info contain ../ or // can expose resources outside of the configured location. This issue is patched in versions 0.18.26, 0.20.20, and 0.21.2. Note that 0.19.0 is a deprecated release and has never been supported.
CVE-2020-5281||In Perun before version 3.9.1, VO or group manager can modify configuration of the LDAP extSource to retrieve all from Perun LDAP. Issue is fixed in version 3.9.1 by sanitisation of the input.
CVE-2020-5282||In Nick Chan Bot before version 1.0.0-beta there is a vulnerability in the `npm` command which is part of this software package. This allows arbitrary shell execution,which can compromise the bot This is patched in version 1.0.0-beta
CVE-2020-5283||ViewVC before versions 1.1.28 and 1.2.1 has a XSS vulnerability in CVS show_subdir_lastmod support. The impact of this vulnerability is mitigated by the need for an attacker to have commit privileges to a CVS repository exposed by an otherwise trusted ViewVC instance that also has the `show_subdir_lastmod` feature enabled. The attack vector involves files with unsafe names (names that, when embedded into an HTML stream, would cause the browser to run unwanted code), which themselves can be challenging to create. This vulnerability is patched in versions 1.2.1 and 1.1.28.
CVE-2020-5284||Next.js versions before 9.3.2 have a directory traversal vulnerability. Attackers could craft special requests to access files in the dist directory (.next). This does not affect files outside of the dist directory (.next). In general, the dist directory only holds build assets unless your application intentionally stores other assets under this directory. This issue is fixed in version 9.3.2.
CVE-2020-5285||In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.6.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS with `back` parameter. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5286||In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.4.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is a reflected XSS when uploading a wrong file. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5
CVE-2020-5287||In PrestaShop between versions 1.5.5.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is improper access control on customers search. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5.
CVE-2020-5288||"In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.0.0 and 1.7.6.5, there is improper access controls on product attributes page. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5.
CVE-2020-5289||In Elide before 4.5.14, it is possible for an adversary to "guess and check" the value of a model field they do not have access to assuming they can read at least one other field in the model. The adversary can construct filter expressions for an inaccessible field to filter a collection. The presence or absence of models in the returned collection can be used to reconstruct the value of the inaccessible field. Resolved in Elide 4.5.14 and greater.
CVE-2020-5290||In RedpwnCTF before version 2.3, there is a session fixation vulnerability in exploitable through the `#token=$ssid` hash when making a request to the `/verify` endpoint. An attacker team could potentially steal flags by, for example, exploiting a stored XSS payload in a CTF challenge so that victim teams who solve the challenge are unknowingly (and against their will) signed into the attacker team&#39;s account. Then, the attacker can gain points / value off the backs of the victims. This is patched in version 2.3.
CVE-2020-5291||Bubblewrap (bwrap) before version 0.4.1, if installed in setuid mode and the kernel supports unprivileged user namespaces, then the `bwrap --userns2` option can be used to make the setuid process keep running as root while being traceable. This can in turn be used to gain root permissions. Note that this only affects the combination of bubblewrap in setuid mode (which is typically used when unprivileged user namespaces are not supported) and the support of unprivileged user namespaces. Known to be affected are: * Debian testing/unstable, if unprivileged user namespaces enabled (not default) * Debian buster-backports, if unprivileged user namespaces enabled (not default) * Arch if using `linux-hardened`, if unprivileged user namespaces enabled (not default) * Centos 7 flatpak COPR, if unprivileged user namespaces enabled (not default) This has been fixed in the 0.4.1 release, and all affected users should update.
CVE-2020-5292||Leantime before versions 2.0.15 and 2.1-beta3 has a SQL Injection vulnerability. The impact is high. Malicious users/attackers can execute arbitrary SQL queries negatively affecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the site. Attackers can exfiltrate data like the users' and administrators' password hashes, modify data, or drop tables. The unescaped parameter is "searchUsers" when sending a POST request to "/tickets/showKanban" with a valid session. In the code, the parameter is named "users" in class.tickets.php. This issue is fixed in versions 2.0.15 and 2.1.0 beta 3.
CVE-2020-5293||In PrestaShop between versions 1.7.0.0 and 1.7.6.5, there are improper access controls on product page with combinations, attachments and specific prices. The problem is fixed in 1.7.6.5.
CVE-2020-5294||PrestaShop module ps_facetedsearch versions before 2.1.0 has a reflected XSS with social networks fields The problem is fixed in 2.1.0
CVE-2020-5295||In OctoberCMS (october/october composer package) versions from 1.0.319 and before 1.0.466, an attacker can exploit this vulnerability to read local files of an October CMS server. The vulnerability is only exploitable by an authenticated backend user with the `cms.manage_assets` permission. Issue has been patched in Build 466 (v1.0.466).
CVE-2020-5296||In OctoberCMS (october/october composer package) versions from 1.0.319 and before 1.0.466, an attacker can exploit this vulnerability to delete arbitrary local files of an October CMS server. The vulnerability is only exploitable by an authenticated backend user with the `cms.manage_assets` permission. Issue has been patched in Build 466 (v1.0.466).
CVE-2020-5297||In OctoberCMS (october/october composer package) versions from 1.0.319 and before 1.0.466, an attacker can exploit this vulnerability to upload jpg, jpeg, bmp, png, webp, gif, ico, css, js, woff, woff2, svg, ttf, eot, json, md, less, sass, scss, xml files to any directory of an October CMS server. The vulnerability is only exploitable by an authenticated backend user with the `cms.manage_assets` permission. Issue has been patched in Build 466 (v1.0.466).
CVE-2020-5298||In OctoberCMS (october/october composer package) versions from 1.0.319 and before 1.0.466, a user with the ability to use the import functionality of the `ImportExportController` behavior can be socially engineered by an attacker to upload a maliciously crafted CSV file which could result in a reflected XSS attack on the user in question Issue has been patched in Build 466 (v1.0.466).
CVE-2020-5299||In OctoberCMS (october/october composer package) versions from 1.0.319 and before 1.0.466, any users with the ability to modify any data that could eventually be exported as a CSV file from the `ImportExportController` could potentially introduce a CSV injection into the data to cause the generated CSV export file to be malicious. This requires attackers to achieve the following before a successful attack can be completed: 1. Have found a vulnerability in the victims spreadsheet software of choice. 2. Control data that would potentially be exported through the `ImportExportController` by a theoretical victim. 3. Convince the victim to export above data as a CSV and run it in vulnerable spreadsheet software while also bypassing any sanity checks by said software. Issue has been patched in Build 466 (v1.0.466).
CVE-2020-5300||In Hydra (an OAuth2 Server and OpenID Certified OpenID Connect Provider written in Go), before version 1.4.0+oryOS.17, when using client authentication method 'private_key_jwt' [1], OpenId specification says the following about assertion `jti`: "A unique identifier for the token, which can be used to prevent reuse of the token. These tokens MUST only be used once, unless conditions for reuse were negotiated between the parties". Hydra does not check the uniqueness of this `jti` value. Exploiting this vulnerability is somewhat difficult because: - TLS protects against MITM which makes it difficult to intercept valid tokens for replay attacks - The expiry time of the JWT gives only a short window of opportunity where it could be replayed This has been patched in version v1.4.0+oryOS.17
CVE-2020-5301||SimpleSAMLphp versions before 1.18.6 contain an information disclosure vulnerability. The module controller in `SimpleSAML\Module` that processes requests for pages hosted by modules, has code to identify paths ending with `.php` and process those as PHP code. If no other suitable way of handling the given path exists it presents the file to the browser. The check to identify paths ending with `.php` does not account for uppercase letters. If someone requests a path ending with e.g. `.PHP` and the server is serving the code from a case-insensitive file system, such as on Windows, the processing of the PHP code does not occur, and the source code is instead presented to the browser. An attacker may use this issue to gain access to the source code in third-party modules that is meant to be private, or even sensitive. However, the attack surface is considered small, as the attack will only work when SimpleSAMLphp serves such content from a file system that is not case-sensitive, such as on Windows. This issue is fixed in version 1.18.6.
CVE-2020-5302||MH-WikiBot (an IRC Bot for interacting with the Miraheze API), had a bug that allowed any unprivileged user to access the steward commands on the IRC interface by impersonating the Nickname used by a privileged user as no check was made to see if they were logged in. The issue has been fixed in commit 23d9d5b0a59667a5d6816fdabb960b537a5f9ed1.
CVE-2020-5303||Tendermint before versions 0.33.3, 0.32.10, and 0.31.12 has a denial-of-service vulnerability. Tendermint does not limit the number of P2P connection requests. For each p2p connection, it allocates XXX bytes. Even though this memory is garbage collected once the connection is terminated (due to duplicate IP or reaching a maximum number of inbound peers), temporary memory spikes can lead to OOM (Out-Of-Memory) exceptions. Additionally, Tendermint does not reclaim activeID of a peer after it's removed in Mempool reactor. This does not happen all the time. It only happens when a connection fails (for any reason) before the Peer is created and added to all reactors. RemovePeer is therefore called before AddPeer, which leads to always growing memory (activeIDs map). The activeIDs map has a maximum size of 65535 and the node will panic if this map reaches the maximum. An attacker can create a lot of connection attempts (exploiting above denial of service), which ultimately will lead to the node panicking. These issues are patched in Tendermint 0.33.3 and 0.32.10.
CVE-2020-5304||The dashboard in WhiteSource Application Vulnerability Management (AVM) before version 20.4.1 allows Log Injection via a %0A%0D substring in the idp parameter to the /saml/login URI. This closes the current log and creates a new log with one line of data. The attacker can also insert malicious data and false entries.
CVE-2020-5305||Codoforum 4.8.3 allows XSS in the admin dashboard via a name field of a new user, i.e., on the Manage Users screen.
CVE-2020-5306||Codoforum 4.8.3 allows XSS via a post using parameters display name, title name, or content.
CVE-2020-5307||PHPGurukul Dairy Farm Shop Management System 1.0 is vulnerable to SQL injection, as demonstrated by the username parameter in index.php, the category and CategoryCode parameters in add-category.php, the CompanyName parameter in add-company.php, and the ProductName and ProductPrice parameters in add-product.php.
CVE-2020-5308||PHPGurukul Dairy Farm Shop Management System 1.0 is vulnerable to XSS, as demonstrated by the category and CategoryCode parameters in add-category.php, the CompanyName parameter in add-company.php, and the ProductName parameter in add-product.php.
CVE-2020-5310||libImaging/TiffDecode.c in Pillow before 6.2.2 has a TIFF decoding integer overflow, related to realloc.
CVE-2020-5311||libImaging/SgiRleDecode.c in Pillow before 6.2.2 has an SGI buffer overflow.
CVE-2020-5312||libImaging/PcxDecode.c in Pillow before 6.2.2 has a PCX P mode buffer overflow.
CVE-2020-5313||libImaging/FliDecode.c in Pillow before 6.2.2 has an FLI buffer overflow.
CVE-2020-5315||Dell EMC Repository Manager (DRM) version 3.2 contains a plain-text password storage vulnerability. Proxy server user password is stored in a plain text in a local database. A local authenticated malicious user with access to the local file system may use the exposed password to access the with privileges of the compromised user.
CVE-2020-5316||Dell SupportAssist for Business PCs versions 2.0, 2.0.1, 2.0.2, 2.1, 2.1.1, 2.1.2, 2.1.3 and Dell SupportAssist for Home PCs version 2.0, 2.0.1, 2.0.2, 2.1, 2.1.1, 2.1.2, 2.1.3, 2.2, 2.2.1, 2.2.2, 2.2.3, 3.0, 3.0.1, 3.0.2, 3.1, 3.2, 3.2.1, 3.2.2, 3.3, 3.3.1, 3.3.2, 3.3.3, 3.4 contain an uncontrolled search path vulnerability. A locally authenticated low privileged user could exploit this vulnerability to cause the loading of arbitrary DLLs by the SupportAssist binaries, resulting in the privileged execution of arbitrary code.
CVE-2020-5317||Dell EMC ECS versions prior to 3.4.0.1 contain an XSS vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user could exploit this vulnerability to store malicious HTML or JavaScript code in a trusted application data store. When victim users access the data store through their browsers, the malicious code gets executed by the web browser in the context of the vulnerable web application.
CVE-2020-5318||Dell EMC Isilon OneFS versions 8.1.2, 8.1.0.4, 8.1.0.3, and 8.0.0.7 contain a vulnerability in some configurations. An attacker may exploit this vulnerability to gain access to restricted files. The non-RAN HTTP and WebDAV file-serving components have a vulnerability wherein when either are enabled, and Basic Authentication is enabled for either or both components, files are accessible without authentication.
CVE-2020-5319||Dell EMC Unity, Dell EMC Unity XT, and Dell EMC UnityVSA versions prior to 5.0.2.0.5.009 contain a Denial of Service vulnerability on NAS Server SSH implementation that is used to provide SFTP service on a NAS server. A remote unauthenticated attacker may potentially exploit this vulnerability and cause a Denial of Service (Storage Processor Panic) by sending an out of order SSH protocol sequence.
CVE-2020-5320||Dell EMC OpenManage Enterprise (OME) versions prior to 3.2 and OpenManage Enterprise-Modular (OME-M) versions prior to 1.10.00 contain a SQL injection vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user with high privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability to execute SQL commands to perform unauthorized actions.
CVE-2020-5321||Dell EMC OpenManage Enterprise (OME) versions prior to 3.2 and OpenManage Enterprise-Modular (OME-M) versions prior to 1.10.00 contain an improper input validation vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user with high privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability to spawn tasks with elevated privileges.
CVE-2020-5322||Dell EMC OpenManage Enterprise-Modular (OME-M) versions prior to 1.10.00 contain a command injection vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user with high privileges could potentially exploit the vulnerability to execute arbitrary shell commands on the affected system.
CVE-2020-5323||Dell EMC OpenManage Enterprise (OME) versions prior to 3.2 and OpenManage Enterprise-Modular (OME-M) versions prior to 1.10.00 contain an injection vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user with low privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability to gain access to sensitive information or cause denial-of-service.
CVE-2020-5324||Dell Client Consumer and Commercial Platforms contain an Arbitrary File Overwrite Vulnerability. The vulnerability is limited to the Dell Firmware Update Utility during the time window while being executed by an administrator. During this time window, a locally authenticated low-privileged malicious user could exploit this vulnerability by tricking an administrator into overwriting arbitrary files via a symlink attack. The vulnerability does not affect the actual binary payload that the update utility delivers.
CVE-2020-5326||Affected Dell Client platforms contain a BIOS Setup configuration authentication bypass vulnerability in the pre-boot Intel Rapid Storage Response Technology (iRST) Manager menu. An attacker with physical access to the system could perform unauthorized changes to the BIOS Setup configuration settings without requiring the BIOS Admin password by selecting the Optimized Defaults option in the pre-boot iRST Manager.
CVE-2020-5327||Dell Security Management Server versions prior to 10.2.10 contain a Java RMI Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability. When the server is exposed to the internet and Windows Firewall is disabled, a remote unauthenticated attacker may exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted RMI request to execute arbitrary code on the target host.
CVE-2020-5328||Dell EMC Isilon OneFS versions prior to 8.2.0 contain an unauthorized access vulnerability due to a lack of thorough authorization checks when SyncIQ is licensed, but encrypted syncs are not marked as required. When this happens, loss of control of the cluster can occur.
CVE-2020-5329||Dell EMC Avamar Server contains an open redirect vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker may exploit this vulnerability to redirect application users to arbitrary web URLs by tricking the victim users to click on maliciously crafted links.
CVE-2020-5330||Dell EMC Networking X-Series firmware versions 3.0.1.2 and older, Dell EMC Networking PC5500 firmware versions 4.1.0.22 and older and Dell EMC PowerEdge VRTX Switch Modules firmware versions 2.0.0.77 and older contain an information disclosure vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability to retrieve sensitive data by sending a specially crafted request to the affected endpoints.
CVE-2020-5331||RSA Archer, versions prior to 6.7 P3 (6.7.0.3), contain an information exposure vulnerability. Users session information could potentially be stored in cache or log files. An authenticated malicious local user with access to the log files may obtain the exposed information to use it in further attacks.
CVE-2020-5332||RSA Archer, versions prior to 6.7 P3 (6.7.0.3), contain a command injection vulnerability. AN authenticated malicious user with administrator privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the system where the vulnerable application is deployed.
CVE-2020-5333||RSA Archer, versions prior to 6.7 P3 (6.7.0.3), contain an authorization bypass vulnerability in the REST API. A remote authenticated malicious Archer user could potentially exploit this vulnerability to view unauthorized information.
CVE-2020-5334||RSA Archer, versions prior to 6.7 P2 (6.7.0.2), contains a Document Object Model (DOM) based cross-site scripting vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability by tricking a victim application user to supply malicious HTML or JavaScript code to DOM environment in the browser. The malicious code is then executed by the web browser in the context of the vulnerable web application.
CVE-2020-5335||RSA Archer, versions prior to 6.7 P2 (6.7.0.2), contain a cross-site request forgery vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability by tricking a victim application user to send arbitrary requests to the vulnerable application to perform server operations with the privileges of the authenticated victim user.
CVE-2020-5336||RSA Archer, versions prior to 6.7 P1 (6.7.0.1), contain a URL injection vulnerability. An unauthenticated attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability by tricking a victim application user to execute malicious JavaScript code on the affected system.
CVE-2020-5337||RSA Archer, versions prior to 6.7 P1 (6.7.0.1), contain a URL redirection vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability to redirect application users to arbitrary web URLs by tricking the victim users to click on maliciously crafted links. The vulnerability could be used to conduct phishing attacks that cause users to unknowingly visit malicious sites.
CVE-2020-5339||RSA Authentication Manager versions prior to 8.4 P10 contain a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in the Security Console. A malicious RSA Authentication Manager Security Console administrator with advanced privileges could exploit this vulnerability to store arbitrary HTML or JavaScript code through the Security Console web interface. When other Security Console administrators open the affected report page, the injected scripts could potentially be executed in their browser.
CVE-2020-5340||RSA Authentication Manager versions prior to 8.4 P10 contain a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in the Security Console. A malicious RSA Authentication Manager Security Console administrator with advanced privileges could exploit this vulnerability to store arbitrary HTML or JavaScript code through the Security Console web interface. When other Security Console administrators attempt to change the default security domain mapping, the injected scripts could potentially be executed in their browser.
CVE-2020-5341||Deserialization of Untrusted Data Vulnerability Dell EMC Avamar Server versions 7.4.1, 7.5.0, 7.5.1, 18.2, 19.1 and 19.2 and Dell EMC Integrated Data Protection Appliance versions 2.0, 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.4.1 contain a Deserialization of Untrusted Data Vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability to send a serialized payload that would execute code on the system.
CVE-2020-5342||Dell Digital Delivery versions prior to 3.5.2015 contain an incorrect default permissions vulnerability. A locally authenticated low-privileged malicious user could exploit this vulnerability to run an arbitrary executable with administrative privileges on the affected system.
CVE-2020-5343||Dell Client platforms restored using a Dell OS recovery image downloaded before December 20, 2019, may contain an insecure inherited permissions vulnerability. A local authenticated malicious user with low privileges could exploit this vulnerability to gain unauthorized access on the root folder.
CVE-2020-5344||Dell EMC iDRAC7, iDRAC8 and iDRAC9 versions prior to 2.65.65.65, 2.70.70.70, 4.00.00.00 contain a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability. An unauthenticated remote attacker may exploit this vulnerability to crash the affected process or execute arbitrary code on the system by sending specially crafted input data.
CVE-2020-5345||Dell EMC Unisphere for PowerMax versions prior to 9.1.0.17, Dell EMC Unisphere for PowerMax Virtual Appliance versions prior to 9.1.0.17, and PowerMax OS Release 5978 contain an authorization bypass vulnerability. An authenticated malicious user may potentially execute commands to alter or stop database statistics.
CVE-2020-5346||RSA Authentication Manager versions prior to 8.4 P11 contain a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in the Security Console. A malicious RSA Authentication Manager Security Console administrator with advanced privileges could exploit this vulnerability to store arbitrary HTML or JavaScript code through the Security Console web interface. When other Security Console administrators open the affected page, the injected scripts could potentially be executed in their browser.
CVE-2020-5347||Dell EMC Isilon OneFS versions 8.2.2 and earlier contain a denial of service vulnerability. SmartConnect had an error condition that may be triggered to loop, using CPU and potentially preventing other SmartConnect DNS responses.
CVE-2020-5348||Dell Latitude 7202 Rugged Tablet BIOS versions prior to A28 contain a UAF vulnerability in EFI_BOOT_SERVICES in system management mode. A local unauthenticated attacker may exploit this vulnerability by overwriting the EFI_BOOT_SERVICES structure to execute arbitrary code in system management mode.
CVE-2020-5349||Dell EMC Networking S4100 and S5200 Series Switches manufactured prior to February 2020 contain a hardcoded credential vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated malicious user could exploit this vulnerability and gain administrative privileges.
CVE-2020-5350||Dell EMC Integrated Data Protection Appliance versions 2.0, 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 contain a command injection vulnerability in the ACM component. A remote authenticated malicious user with root privileges could inject parameters in the ACM component APIs that could lead to manipulation of passwords and execution of malicious commands on ACM component.
CVE-2020-5351||Dell EMC Data Protection Advisor versions 6.4, 6.5 and 18.1 contain an undocumented account with limited privileges that is protected with a hard-coded password. A remote unauthenticated malicious user with the knowledge of the hard-coded password may login to the system and gain read-only privileges.
CVE-2020-5352||Dell EMC Data Protection Advisor 6.4, 6.5 and 18.1 contain an OS command injection vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user may exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary commands on the affected system.
CVE-2020-5353||The Dell Isilon OneFS versions 8.2.2 and earlier and Dell EMC PowerScale OneFS version 9.0.0 default configuration for Network File System (NFS) allows access to an 'admin' home directory. An attacker may leverage a spoofed Unique Identifier (UID) over NFS to rewrite sensitive files to gain administrative access to the system.
CVE-2020-5355||The Dell Isilon OneFS versions 8.2.2 and earlier SSHD process improperly allows Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) and stream forwarding. This provides the remotesupport user and users with restricted shells more access than is intended.
CVE-2020-5356||Dell PowerProtect Data Manager (PPDM) versions prior to 19.4 and Dell PowerProtect X400 versions prior to 3.2 contain an improper authorization vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user may download any file from the affected PowerProtect virtual machines.
CVE-2020-5357||Dell Dock Firmware Update Utilities for Dell Client Consumer and Commercial docking stations contain an Arbitrary File Overwrite vulnerability. The vulnerability is limited to the Dell Dock Firmware Update Utilities during the time window while being executed by an administrator. During this time window, a locally authenticated low-privileged malicious user could exploit this vulnerability by tricking an administrator into overwriting arbitrary files via a symlink attack. The vulnerability does not affect the actual binary payload that the update utility delivers.
CVE-2020-5358||Dell Encryption versions prior to 10.7 and Dell Endpoint Security Suite versions prior to 2.7 contain a privilege escalation vulnerability due to incorrect permissions. A local malicious user with low privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability to gain elevated privilege on the affected system with the help of a symbolic link.
CVE-2020-5359||Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions prior to 4.5, are vulnerable to an Unchecked Return Value Vulnerability. An unauthenticated remote attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability to modify and corrupt the encrypted data.
CVE-2020-5360||Dell BSAFE Micro Edition Suite, versions prior to 4.5, are vulnerable to a Buffer Under-Read Vulnerability. An unauthenticated remote attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability resulting in undefined behaviour, or a crash of the affected systems.
CVE-2020-5361||Select Dell Client Commercial and Consumer platforms support a BIOS password reset capability that is designed to assist authorized customers who forget their passwords. Dell is aware of unauthorized password generation tools that can generate BIOS recovery passwords. The tools, which are not authorized by Dell, can be used by a physically present attacker to reset BIOS passwords and BIOS-managed Hard Disk Drive (HDD) passwords. An unauthenticated attacker with physical access to the system could potentially exploit this vulnerability to bypass security restrictions for BIOS Setup configuration, HDD access and BIOS pre-boot authentication.
CVE-2020-5362||Dell Client Consumer and Commercial platforms include an improper authorization vulnerability in the Dell Manageability interface for which an unauthorized actor, with local system access with OS administrator privileges, could bypass the BIOS Administrator authentication to restore BIOS Setup configuration to default values.
CVE-2020-5363||Select Dell Client Consumer and Commercial platforms include an issue that allows the BIOS Admin password to be changed through Dell's manageability interface without knowledge of the current BIOS Admin password. This could potentially allow an unauthorized actor, with physical access and/or OS administrator privileges to the device, to gain privileged access to the platform and the hard drive.
CVE-2020-5364||Dell EMC Isilon OneFS versions 8.2.2 and earlier contain an SNMPv2 vulnerability. The SNMPv2 services is enabled, by default, with a pre-configured community string. This community string allows read-only access to many aspects of the Isilon cluster, some of which are considered sensitive and can foster additional access.
CVE-2020-5365||Dell EMC Isilon versions 8.2.2 and earlier contain a remotesupport vulnerability. The pre-configured support account, remotesupport, is bundled in the Dell EMC Isilon OneFS installation. This account is used for diagnostics and other support functions. Although the default password is different for every cluster, it is predictable.
CVE-2020-5366||Dell EMC iDRAC9 versions prior to 4.20.20.20 contain a Path Traversal Vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user with low privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability by manipulating input parameters to gain unauthorized read access to the arbitrary files.
CVE-2020-5367||Dell EMC Unisphere for PowerMax versions prior to 9.1.0.17, Dell EMC Unisphere for PowerMax Virtual Appliance versions prior to 9.1.0.17, and PowerMax OS Release 5978 contain an improper certificate validation vulnerability. An unauthenticated remote attacker may potentially exploit this vulnerability to carry out a man-in-the-middle attack by supplying a crafted certificate and intercepting the victim's traffic to view or modify a victims data in transit.
CVE-2020-5368||Dell EMC VxRail versions 4.7.410 and 4.7.411 contain an improper authentication vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker may exploit this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information in an encrypted form.
CVE-2020-5369||Dell EMC Isilon OneFS versions 8.2.2 and earlier and Dell EMC PowerScale OneFS version 9.0.0 contain a privilege escalation vulnerability. An authenticated malicious user may exploit this vulnerability by using SyncIQ to gain unauthorized access to system management files.
CVE-2020-5370||Dell EMC OpenManage Enterprise (OME) versions prior to 3.4 contain an arbitrary file overwrite vulnerability. A remote authenticated malicious user with high privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability to overwrite arbitrary files via directory traversal sequences using a crafted tar file to inject malicious RPMs which may cause a denial of service or perform unauthorized actions.
CVE-2020-5371||Dell EMC Isilon OneFS versions 8.2.2 and earlier and Dell EMC PowerScale version 9.0.0 contain a file permissions vulnerability. An attacker, with network or local file access, could take advantage of insufficiently applied file permissions or gain unauthorized access to files.
CVE-2020-5372||Dell EMC PowerStore versions prior to 1.0.1.0.5.002 contain a vulnerability that exposes test interface ports to external network. A remote unauthenticated attacker could potentially cause Denial of Service via test interface ports which are not used during run time environment.
CVE-2020-5373||Dell EMC OpenManage Integration for Microsoft System Center (OMIMSSC) for SCCM and SCVMM versions prior to 7.2.1 contain an improper authentication vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker may potentially exploit this vulnerability to retrieve the system inventory data of the managed device.
CVE-2020-5374||Dell EMC OpenManage Integration for Microsoft System Center (OMIMSSC) for SCCM and SCVMM versions prior to 7.2.1 contain a hard-coded cryptographic key vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker may exploit this vulnerability to gain access to the appliance data for remotely managed devices.
CVE-2020-5376||Dell Inspiron 7347 BIOS versions prior to A13 contain a UEFI BIOS Boot Services overwrite vulnerability. A local attacker with access to system memory may exploit this vulnerability by overwriting the EFI_BOOT_SERVICES structure to execute arbitrary code in System Management Mode (SMM).
CVE-2020-5377||Dell EMC OpenManage Server Administrator (OMSA) versions 9.4 and prior contain multiple path traversal vulnerabilities. An unauthenticated remote attacker could potentially exploit these vulnerabilities by sending a crafted Web API request containing directory traversal character sequences to gain file system access on the compromised management station.
CVE-2020-5378||Dell G7 17 7790 BIOS versions prior to 1.13.2 contain a UEFI BIOS Boot Services overwrite vulnerability. A local attacker with access to system memory may exploit this vulnerability by overwriting the EFI_BOOT_SERVICES structure to execute arbitrary code in System Management Mode (SMM).
CVE-2020-5379||Dell Inspiron 7352 BIOS versions prior to A12 contain a UEFI BIOS Boot Services overwrite vulnerability. A local attacker with access to system memory may exploit this vulnerability by overwriting the EFI_BOOT_SERVICES structure to execute arbitrary code in System Management Mode (SMM).
CVE-2020-5383||Dell EMC Isilon OneFS version 8.2.2 and Dell EMC PowerScale OneFS version 9.0.0 contains a buffer overflow vulnerability in the Likewise component. A remote unauthenticated malicious attacker may potentially exploit this vulnerability to cause a process restart.
CVE-2020-5384||Authentication Bypass Vulnerability RSA MFA Agent 2.0 for Microsoft Windows contains an Authentication Bypass vulnerability. A local unauthenticated attacker could potentially exploit this vulnerability by using an alternate path to bypass authentication in order to gain full access to the system.
CVE-2020-5385||Dell Encryption versions prior to 10.8 and Dell Endpoint Security Suite versions prior to 2.8 contain a privilege escalation vulnerability because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2020-5358. A local malicious user with low privileges could potentially exploit this vulnerability to gain elevated privilege on the affected system with the help of a symbolic link.
CVE-2020-5386||Dell EMC ECS, versions prior to 3.5, contains an Exposure of Resource vulnerability. A remote unauthenticated attacker can access the list of DT (Directory Table) objects of all internally running services and gain knowledge of sensitive data of the system.
CVE-2020-5387||Dell XPS 13 9370 BIOS versions prior to 1.13.1 contains an Improper Exception Handling vulnerability. A local attacker with physical access could exploit this vulnerability to prevent the system from booting until the exploited boot device is removed.
CVE-2020-5388||Dell Inspiron 15 7579 2-in-1 BIOS versions prior to 1.31.0 contain an Improper SMM communication buffer verification vulnerability. A local authenticated malicious user may potentially exploit this vulnerability by using an SMI to gain arbitrary code execution in SMRAM.
CVE-2020-5389||Dell EMC OpenManage Integration for Microsoft System Center (OMIMSSC) for SCCM and SCVMM versions prior to 7.2.1 contain an information disclosure vulnerability. Authenticated low privileged OMIMSCC users may be able to retrieve sensitive information from the logs.
CVE-2020-5390||PySAML2 before 5.0.0 does not check that the signature in a SAML document is enveloped and thus signature wrapping is effective, i.e., it is affected by XML Signature Wrapping (XSW). The signature information and the node/object that is signed can be in different places and thus the signature verification will succeed, but the wrong data will be used. This specifically affects the verification of assertion that have been signed.
CVE-2020-5391||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities exist in the Auth0 plugin before 4.0.0 for WordPress via the domain field.
CVE-2020-5392||A stored cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in the Auth0 plugin before 4.0.0 for WordPress via the settings page.
CVE-2020-5393||In Appspace On-Prem through 7.1.3, an adversary can steal a session token via XSS.
CVE-2020-5395||FontForge 20190801 has a use-after-free in SFD_GetFontMetaData in sfd.c.
CVE-2020-5396||VMware GemFire versions prior to 9.10.0, 9.9.2, 9.8.7, and 9.7.6, and VMware Tanzu GemFire for VMs versions prior to 1.11.1 and 1.10.2, when deployed without a SecurityManager, contain a JMX service available which contains an insecure default configuration. This allows a malicious user to create an MLet mbean leading to remote code execution.
CVE-2020-5397||Spring Framework, versions 5.2.x prior to 5.2.3 are vulnerable to CSRF attacks through CORS preflight requests that target Spring MVC (spring-webmvc module) or Spring WebFlux (spring-webflux module) endpoints. Only non-authenticated endpoints are vulnerable because preflight requests should not include credentials and therefore requests should fail authentication. However a notable exception to this are Chrome based browsers when using client certificates for authentication since Chrome sends TLS client certificates in CORS preflight requests in violation of spec requirements. No HTTP body can be sent or received as a result of this attack.
CVE-2020-5398||In Spring Framework, versions 5.2.x prior to 5.2.3, versions 5.1.x prior to 5.1.13, and versions 5.0.x prior to 5.0.16, an application is vulnerable to a reflected file download (RFD) attack when it sets a "Content-Disposition" header in the response where the filename attribute is derived from user supplied input.
CVE-2020-5399||Cloud Foundry CredHub, versions prior to 2.5.10, connects to a MySQL database without TLS even when configured to use TLS. A malicious user with access to the network between CredHub and its MySQL database may eavesdrop on database connections and thereby gain unauthorized access to CredHub and other components.
CVE-2020-5400||Cloud Foundry Cloud Controller (CAPI), versions prior to 1.91.0, logs properties of background jobs when they are run, which may include sensitive information such as credentials if provided to the job. A malicious user with access to those logs may gain unauthorized access to resources protected by such credentials.
CVE-2020-5401||Cloud Foundry Routing Release, versions prior to 0.197.0, contains GoRouter, which allows malicious clients to send invalid headers, causing caching layers to reject subsequent legitimate clients trying to access the app.
CVE-2020-5402||In Cloud Foundry UAA, versions prior to 74.14.0, a CSRF vulnerability exists due to the OAuth2 state parameter not being checked in the callback function when authenticating with external identity providers.
CVE-2020-5403||Reactor Netty HttpServer, versions 0.9.3 and 0.9.4, is exposed to a URISyntaxException that causes the connection to be closed prematurely instead of producing a 400 response.
CVE-2020-5404||The HttpClient from Reactor Netty, versions 0.9.x prior to 0.9.5, and versions 0.8.x prior to 0.8.16, may be used incorrectly, leading to a credentials leak during a redirect to a different domain. In order for this to happen, the HttpClient must have been explicitly configured to follow redirects.
CVE-2020-5405||Spring Cloud Config, versions 2.2.x prior to 2.2.2, versions 2.1.x prior to 2.1.7, and older unsupported versions allow applications to serve arbitrary configuration files through the spring-cloud-config-server module. A malicious user, or attacker, can send a request using a specially crafted URL that can lead a directory traversal attack.
CVE-2020-5406||VMware Tanzu Application Service for VMs, 2.6.x versions prior to 2.6.18, 2.7.x versions prior to 2.7.11, and 2.8.x versions prior to 2.8.5, includes a version of PCF Autoscaling that writes database connection properties to its log, including database username and password. A malicious user with access to those logs may gain unauthorized access to the database being used by Autoscaling.
CVE-2020-5407||Spring Security versions 5.2.x prior to 5.2.4 and 5.3.x prior to 5.3.2 contain a signature wrapping vulnerability during SAML response validation. When using the spring-security-saml2-service-provider component, a malicious user can carefully modify an otherwise valid SAML response and append an arbitrary assertion that Spring Security will accept as valid.
CVE-2020-5408||Spring Security versions 5.3.x prior to 5.3.2, 5.2.x prior to 5.2.4, 5.1.x prior to 5.1.10, 5.0.x prior to 5.0.16 and 4.2.x prior to 4.2.16 use a fixed null initialization vector with CBC Mode in the implementation of the queryable text encryptor. A malicious user with access to the data that has been encrypted using such an encryptor may be able to derive the unencrypted values using a dictionary attack.
CVE-2020-5409||Pivotal Concourse, most versions prior to 6.0.0, allows redirects to untrusted websites in its login flow. A remote unauthenticated attacker could convince a user to click on a link using the OAuth redirect link with an untrusted website and gain access to that user's access token in Concourse. (This issue is similar to, but distinct from, CVE-2018-15798.)
CVE-2020-5410||Spring Cloud Config, versions 2.2.x prior to 2.2.3, versions 2.1.x prior to 2.1.9, and older unsupported versions allow applications to serve arbitrary configuration files through the spring-cloud-config-server module. A malicious user, or attacker, can send a request using a specially crafted URL that can lead to a directory traversal attack.
CVE-2020-5411||When configured to enable default typing, Jackson contained a deserialization vulnerability that could lead to arbitrary code execution. Jackson fixed this vulnerability by blacklisting known "deserialization gadgets". Spring Batch configures Jackson with global default typing enabled which means that through the previous exploit, arbitrary code could be executed if all of the following is true: * Spring Batch's Jackson support is being leveraged to serialize a job's ExecutionContext. * A malicious user gains write access to the data store used by the JobRepository (where the data to be deserialized is stored). In order to protect against this type of attack, Jackson prevents a set of untrusted gadget classes from being deserialized. Spring Batch should be proactive against blocking unknown "deserialization gadgets" when enabling default typing.
CVE-2020-5412||Spring Cloud Netflix, versions 2.2.x prior to 2.2.4, versions 2.1.x prior to 2.1.6, and older unsupported versions allow applications to use the Hystrix Dashboard proxy.stream endpoint to make requests to any server reachable by the server hosting the dashboard. A malicious user, or attacker, can send a request to other servers that should not be exposed publicly.
CVE-2020-5413||Spring Integration framework provides Kryo Codec implementations as an alternative for Java (de)serialization. When Kryo is configured with default options, all unregistered classes are resolved on demand. This leads to the "deserialization gadgets" exploit when provided data contains malicious code for execution during deserialization. In order to protect against this type of attack, Kryo can be configured to require a set of trusted classes for (de)serialization. Spring Integration should be proactive against blocking unknown "deserialization gadgets" when configuring Kryo in code.
CVE-2020-5414||VMware Tanzu Application Service for VMs (2.7.x versions prior to 2.7.19, 2.8.x versions prior to 2.8.13, and 2.9.x versions prior to 2.9.7) contains an App Autoscaler that logs the UAA admin password. This credential is redacted on VMware Tanzu Operations Manager; however, the unredacted logs are available to authenticated users of the BOSH Director. This credential would grant administrative privileges to a malicious user. The same versions of App Autoscaler also log the App Autoscaler Broker password. Prior to newer versions of Operations Manager, this credential was not redacted from logs. This credential allows a malicious user to create, delete, and modify App Autoscaler services instances. Operations Manager started redacting this credential from logs as of its versions 2.7.15, 2.8.6, and 2.9.1. Note that these logs are typically only visible to foundation administrators and operators.
CVE-2020-5415||Concourse, versions prior to 6.3.1 and 6.4.1, in installations which use the GitLab auth connector, is vulnerable to identity spoofing by way of configuring a GitLab account with the same full name as another user who is granted access to a Concourse team. GitLab groups do not have this vulnerability, so GitLab users may be moved into groups which are then configured in the Concourse team.
CVE-2020-5416||Cloud Foundry Routing (Gorouter), versions prior to 0.204.0, when used in a deployment with NGINX reverse proxies in front of the Gorouters, is potentially vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks in which an unauthenticated malicious attacker can send specially-crafted HTTP requests that may cause the Gorouters to be dropped from the NGINX backend pool.
CVE-2020-5417||Cloud Foundry CAPI (Cloud Controller), versions prior to 1.97.0, when used in a deployment where an app domain is also the system domain (which is true in the default CF Deployment manifest), were vulnerable to developers maliciously or accidentally claiming certain sensitive routes, potentially resulting in the developer's app handling some requests that were expected to go to certain system components.
CVE-2020-5418||Cloud Foundry CAPI (Cloud Controller) versions prior to 1.98.0 allow authenticated users having only the "cloud_controller.read" scope, but no roles in any spaces, to list all droplets in all spaces (whereas they should see none).
CVE-2020-5419||RabbitMQ versions 3.8.x prior to 3.8.7 are prone to a Windows-specific binary planting security vulnerability that allows for arbitrary code execution. An attacker with write privileges to the RabbitMQ installation directory and local access on Windows could carry out a local binary hijacking (planting) attack and execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2020-5420||Cloud Foundry Routing (Gorouter) versions prior to 0.206.0 allow a malicious developer with "cf push" access to cause denial-of-service to the CF cluster by pushing an app that returns specially crafted HTTP responses that crash the Gorouters.
CVE-2020-5421||In Spring Framework versions 5.2.0 - 5.2.8, 5.1.0 - 5.1.17, 5.0.0 - 5.0.18, 4.3.0 - 4.3.28, and older unsupported versions, the protections against RFD attacks from CVE-2015-5211 may be bypassed depending on the browser used through the use of a jsessionid path parameter.
CVE-2020-5422||BOSH System Metrics Server releases prior to 0.1.0 exposed the UAA password as a flag to a process running on the BOSH director. It exposed the password to any user or process with access to the same VM (through ps or looking at process details).
CVE-2020-5423||CAPI (Cloud Controller) versions prior to 1.101.0 are vulnerable to a denial-of-service attack in which an unauthenticated malicious attacker can send specially-crafted YAML files to certain endpoints, causing the YAML parser to consume excessive CPU and RAM.
CVE-2020-5424||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5425||Single Sign-On for Vmware Tanzu all versions prior to 1.11.3 ,1.12.x versions prior to 1.12.4 and 1.13.x prior to 1.13.1 are vulnerable to user impersonation attack.If two users are logged in to the SSO operator dashboard at the same time, with the same username, from two different identity providers, one can acquire the token of the other and thus operate with their permissions. Note: Foundation may be vulnerable only if: 1) The system zone is set up to use a SAML identity provider 2) There are internal users that have the same username as users in the external SAML provider 3) Those duplicate-named users have the scope to access the SSO operator dashboard 4) The vulnerability doesn't appear with LDAP because of chained authentication.
CVE-2020-5426||Scheduler for TAS prior to version 1.4.0 was permitting plaintext transmission of UAA client token by sending it over a non-TLS connection. This also depended on the configuration of the MySQL server which is used to cache a UAA client token used by the service. If intercepted the token can give an attacker admin level access in the cloud controller.
CVE-2020-5427||In Spring Cloud Data Flow, versions 2.6.x prior to 2.6.5, versions 2.5.x prior 2.5.4, an application is vulnerable to SQL injection when requesting task execution.
CVE-2020-5428||In applications using Spring Cloud Task 2.2.4.RELEASE and below, may be vulnerable to SQL injection when exercising certain lookup queries in the TaskExplorer.
CVE-2020-5429||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5430||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5431||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5432||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5433||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5434||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5435||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5436||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5437||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5438||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5439||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5440||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5441||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5442||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5443||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5444||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5445||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5446||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5447||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5448||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5449||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5450||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5451||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5452||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5453||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5454||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5455||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5456||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5457||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5458||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5459||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5460||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5461||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5462||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5463||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5464||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5465||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5466||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5467||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5468||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5469||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5470||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5471||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5472||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5473||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5474||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5475||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5476||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5477||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5478||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5479||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5480||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5481||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5482||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5483||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5484||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5485||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5486||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5487||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5488||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5489||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5490||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5491||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5492||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5493||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5494||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5495||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: The CNA or individual who requested this candidate did not associate it with any vulnerability during 2020. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5496||FontForge 20190801 has a heap-based buffer overflow in the Type2NotDefSplines() function in splinesave.c.
CVE-2020-5497||The OpenID Connect reference implementation for MITREid Connect through 1.3.3 allows XSS due to userInfoJson being included in the page unsanitized. This is related to header.tag. The issue can be exploited to execute arbitrary JavaScript.
CVE-2020-5498||** REJECT ** DO NOT USE THIS CANDIDATE NUMBER. ConsultIDs: none. Reason: This candidate was withdrawn by its CNA. Further investigation showed that it was not a security issue. Notes: none.
CVE-2020-5499||Baidu Rust SGX SDK through 1.0.8 has an enclave ID race. There are non-deterministic results in which, sometimes, two global IDs are the same.
CVE-2020-5501||phpBB 3.2.8 allows a CSRF attack that can modify a group avatar.
CVE-2020-5502||phpBB 3.2.8 allows a CSRF attack that can approve pending group memberships.
CVE-2020-5504||In phpMyAdmin 4 before 4.9.4 and 5 before 5.0.1, SQL injection exists in the user accounts page. A malicious user could inject custom SQL in place of their own username when creating queries to this page. An attacker must have a valid MySQL account to access the server.
CVE-2020-5505||Freelancy v1.0.0 allows remote command execution via the "file":"data:application/x-php;base64 substring (in conjunction with "type":"application/x-php"} to the /api/files/ URI.
CVE-2020-5509||PHPGurukul Car Rental Project v1.0 allows Remote Code Execution via an executable file in an upload of a new profile image.
CVE-2020-5510||PHPGurukul Hostel Management System v2.0 allows SQL injection via the id parameter in the full-profile.php file.
CVE-2020-5511||PHPGurukul Small CRM v2.0 was found vulnerable to authentication bypass via SQL injection when logging into the administrator login page.
CVE-2020-5512||Gila CMS 1.11.8 allows /admin/media?path=../ Path Traversal.
CVE-2020-5513||Gila CMS 1.11.8 allows /cm/delete?t=../ Directory Traversal.
CVE-2020-5514||Gila CMS 1.11.8 allows Unrestricted Upload of a File with a Dangerous Type via .phar or .phtml to the lzld/thumb?src= URI.
CVE-2020-5515||Gila CMS 1.11.8 allows /admin/sql?query= SQL Injection.
CVE-2020-5517||CSRF in the /login URI in BlueOnyx 5209R allows an attacker to access the dashboard and perform scraping or other analysis.
CVE-2020-5519||The WebAdmin Console in OpenLiteSpeed before v1.6.5 does not strictly check request URLs, as demonstrated by the "Server Configuration > External App" screen.
CVE-2020-5520||The netprint App for iOS 3.2.3 and earlier does not verify X.509 certificates from servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2020-5521||The kantan netprint App for iOS 2.0.2 and earlier does not verify X.509 certificates from servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2020-5522||The kantan netprint App for Android 2.0.3 and earlier does not verify X.509 certificates from servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2020-5523||Android App 'MyPallete' and some of the Android banking applications based on 'MyPallete' do not verify X.509 certificates from servers, and also do not properly validate certificates with host-mismatch, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2020-5524||Aterm series (Aterm WF1200C firmware Ver1.2.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1200CR firmware Ver1.2.1 and earlier, Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.3.2 and earlier) allows an attacker on the same network segment to execute arbitrary OS commands with root privileges via UPnP function.
CVE-2020-5525||Aterm series (Aterm WF1200C firmware Ver1.2.1 and earlier, Aterm WG1200CR firmware Ver1.2.1 and earlier, Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.3.2 and earlier) allows an authenticated attacker on the same network segment to execute arbitrary OS commands with root privileges via management screen.
CVE-2020-5526||The AWMS Mobile App for Android 2.0.0 to 2.0.5 and for iOS 2.0.0 to 2.0.8 does not verify X.509 certificates from servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2020-5527||When MELSOFT transmission port (UDP/IP) of Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R series (all versions), MELSEC iQ-F series (all versions), MELSEC Q series (all versions), MELSEC L series (all versions), and MELSEC F series (all versions) receives massive amount of data via unspecified vectors, resource consumption occurs and the port does not process the data properly. As a result, it may fall into a denial-of-service (DoS) condition. The vendor states this vulnerability only affects Ethernet communication functions.
CVE-2020-5528||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Movable Type series (Movable Type 7 r.4603 and earlier (Movable Type 7), Movable Type 6.5.2 and earlier (Movable Type 6.5), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4603 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7), Movable Type Advanced 6.5.2 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 6.5), Movable Type Premium 1.26 and earlier (Movable Type Premium), and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.26 and earlier (Movable Type Premium Advanced)) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML in the block editor and the rich text editor via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2020-5529||HtmlUnit prior to 2.37.0 contains code execution vulnerabilities. HtmlUnit initializes Rhino engine improperly, hence a malicious JavScript code can execute arbitrary Java code on the application. Moreover, when embedded in Android application, Android-specific initialization of Rhino engine is done in an improper way, hence a malicious JavaScript code can execute arbitrary Java code on the application.
CVE-2020-5530||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Easy Property Listings versions prior to 3.4 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5531||Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC C Controller Module and MELIPC Series MI5000 MELSEC-Q Series C Controller Module(Q24DHCCPU-V, Q24DHCCPU-VG User Ethernet port (CH1, CH2): First 5 digits of serial number 21121 or before), MELSEC iQ-R Series C Controller Module / C Intelligent Function Module(R12CCPU-V Ethernet port (CH1, CH2): First 2 digits of serial number 11 or before, and RD55UP06-V Ethernet port: First 2 digits of serial number 08 or before), and MELIPC Series MI5000(MI5122-VW Ethernet port (CH1): First 2 digits of serial number 03 or before, or the firmware version 03 or before) allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and/or malware being executed via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5532||ilbo App (ilbo App for Android prior to version 1.1.8 and ilbo App for iOS prior to version 1.2.01) allows an attacker on the same network segment to bypass authentication and to view the images which were recorded by the other ilbo user's device via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5533||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.3.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5534||Aterm WG2600HS firmware Ver1.3.2 and earlier allows an authenticated attacker on the same network segment to execute arbitrary OS commands with root privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5535||OpenBlocks IoT VX2 prior to Ver.4.0.0 (Ver.3 Series) allows an attacker on the same network segment to execute arbitrary OS commands with root privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5536||OpenBlocks IoT VX2 prior to Ver.4.0.0 (Ver.3 Series) allows an attacker on the same network segment to bypass authentication and to initialize the device via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5537||Cybozu Desktop for Windows 2.0.23 to 2.2.40 allows remote code execution via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5538||Improper Access Control in PALLET CONTROL Ver. 6.3 and earlier allows authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary code with the SYSTEM privilege on the computer where PALLET CONTROL is installed via unspecified vectors. PalletControl 7 to 9.1 are not affected by this vulnerability, however under the environment where PLS Management Add-on Module is used, all versions are affected.
CVE-2020-5539||GRANDIT Ver.1.6, Ver.2.0, Ver.2.1, Ver.2.2, Ver.2.3, and Ver.3.0 do not properly manage sessions, which allows remote attackers to impersonate an arbitrary user and then alter or disclose the information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5540||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in CyberMail Ver.6.x and Ver.7.x allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script or HTML via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2020-5541||Open redirect vulnerability in CyberMail Ver.6.x and Ver.7.x allows remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary sites and conduct phishing attacks via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2020-5542||Buffer error vulnerability in TCP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric MELQIC IU1 series IU1-1M20-D firmware version 1.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to stop the network functions or execute malware via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5543||TCP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric MELQIC IU1 series IU1-1M20-D firmware version 1.0.7 and earlier does not properly manage sessions, which allows remote attackers to stop the network functions or execute malware via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5544||Null Pointer Dereference vulnerability in TCP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric MELQIC IU1 series IU1-1M20-D firmware version 1.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to stop the network functions or execute malware via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5545||TCP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric MELQIC IU1 series IU1-1M20-D firmware version 1.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restriction and to stop the network functions or execute malware via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5546||Improper Neutralization of Argument Delimiters in a Command ('Argument Injection') vulnerability in TCP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric MELQIC IU1 series IU1-1M20-D firmware version 1.0.7 and earlier allows an attacker on the same network segment to stop the network functions or execute malware via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5547||Resource Management Errors vulnerability in TCP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric MELQIC IU1 series IU1-1M20-D firmware version 1.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to stop the network functions or execute malware via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5548||Yamaha LTE VoIP Router(NVR700W firmware Rev.15.00.15 and earlier), Yamaha Gigabit VoIP Router(NVR510 firmware Rev.15.01.14 and earlier), Yamaha Gigabit VPN Router(RTX810 firmware Rev.11.01.33 and earlier, RTX830 firmware Rev.15.02.09 and earlier, RTX1200 firmware Rev.10.01.76 and earlier, RTX1210 firmware Rev.14.01.33 and earlier, RTX3500 firmware Rev.14.00.26 and earlier, and RTX5000 firmware Rev.14.00.26 and earlier), Yamaha Broadband VoIP Router(NVR500 firmware Rev.11.00.38 and earlier), and Yamaha Firewall(FWX120 firmware Rev.11.03.27 and earlier) allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5549||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in EasyBlocks IPv6 Ver. 2.0.1 and earlier and Enterprise Ver. 2.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5550||Session fixation vulnerability in EasyBlocks IPv6 Ver. 2.0.1 and earlier, and Enterprise Ver. 2.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to impersonate a registered user and log in the management console, that may result in information alteration/disclosure via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5551||Toyota 2017 Model Year DCU (Display Control Unit) allows an unauthenticated attacker within Bluetooth range to cause a denial of service attack and/or execute an arbitrary command. The affected DCUs are installed in Lexus (LC, LS, NX, RC, RC F), TOYOTA CAMRY, and TOYOTA SIENNA manufactured in the regions other than Japan from Oct. 2016 to Oct. 2019. An attacker with certain knowledge on the target vehicle control system may be able to send some diagnostic commands to ECUs with some limited availability impacts; the vendor states critical vehicle controls such as driving, turning, and stopping are not affected.
CVE-2020-5552||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in mailform version 1.04 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5553||mailform version 1.04 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5554||Directory traversal vulnerability in Shihonkanri Plus GOOUT Ver1.5.8 and Ver2.2.10 allows remote attackers to read and write arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5555||Shihonkanri Plus GOOUT Ver1.5.8 and Ver2.2.10 allows remote attackers to read and write data of the files placed in the same directory where it is placed via unspecified vector due to the improper input validation issue.
CVE-2020-5556||Shihonkanri Plus GOOUT Ver1.5.8 and Ver2.2.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5557||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in CuteNews 2.0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5558||CuteNews 2.0.1 allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5559||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WL-Enq 1.11 and 1.12 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5560||WL-Enq 1.11 and 1.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands with the administrative privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5561||Keijiban Tsumiki v1.15 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5562||Server-side request forgery (SSRF) vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.6.0 to 4.6.3 allows a remote attacker with an administrative privilege to issue arbitrary HTTP requests to other web servers via V-CUBE Meeting function.
CVE-2020-5563||Improper authentication vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 4.10.3 allows remote attackers to obtain data in the affected product via the API.
CVE-2020-5564||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 4.10.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the application 'E-mail'.
CVE-2020-5565||Improper input validation vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 4.10.3 allows a remote authenticated attacker to alter the application's data via the applications 'Workflow' and 'MultiReport'.
CVE-2020-5566||Improper authorization vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 4.10.3 allows remote authenticated attackers to alter the application's data via the applications 'E-mail' and 'Messages'.
CVE-2020-5567||Improper authentication vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 4.10.3 allows remote attackers to obtain data in Application Menu.
CVE-2020-5568||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.6.0 to 5.0.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the applications 'Messages' and 'Bulletin Board'.
CVE-2020-5569||An unquoted search path vulnerability exists in HDD Password tool (for Windows) version 1.20.6620 and earlier which is stored in CANVIO PREMIUM 3TB(HD-MB30TY, HD-MA30TY, HD-MB30TS, HD-MA30TS), CANVIO PREMIUM 2TB(HD-MB20TY, HD-MA20TY, HD-MB20TS, HD-MA20TS), CANVIO PREMIUM 1TB(HD-MB10TY, HD-MA10TY, HD-MB10TS, HD-MA10TS), CANVIO SLIM 1TB(HD-SB10TK, HD-SB10TS), and CANVIO SLIM 500GB(HD-SB50GK, HD-SA50GK, HD-SB50GS, HD-SA50GS), and which was downloaded before 2020 May 10. Since it registers Windows services with unquoted file paths, when a registered path contains spaces, and a malicious executable is placed on a certain path, it may be executed with the privilege of the Windows service.
CVE-2020-5570||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Sales Force Assistant version 11.2.48 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5571||SHARP AQUOS series (AQUOS SH-M02 build number 01.00.05 and earlier, AQUOS SH-RM02 build number 01.00.04 and earlier, AQUOS mini SH-M03 build number 01.00.04 and earlier, AQUOS Keitai SH-N01 build number 01.00.01 and earlier, AQUOS L2 (UQ mobile/J:COM) build number 01.00.05 and earlier, AQUOS sense lite SH-M05 build number 03.00.04 and earlier, AQUOS sense (UQ mobile) build number 03.00.03 and earlier, AQUOS compact SH-M06 build number 02.00.02 and earlier, AQUOS sense plus SH-M07 build number 02.00.02 and earlier, AQUOS sense2 SH-M08 build number 02.00.05 and earlier, and AQUOS sense2 (UQ mobile) build number 02.00.06 and earlier) allow an attacker to obtain the sensitive information of the device via malicious applications installed on the device.
CVE-2020-5572||Android App 'Mailwise for Android' 1.0.0 to 1.0.1 allows an attacker to obtain credential information registered in the product via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5573||Android App 'kintone mobile for Android' 1.0.0 to 2.5 allows an attacker to obtain credential information registered in the product via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5574||HTML attribute value injection vulnerability in Movable Type series (Movable Type 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type 7), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7), Movable Type for AWS 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type for AWS 7), Movable Type 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type 6.5), Movable Type Advanced 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 6.5), Movable Type 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Advanced 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Premium 1.29 and earlier, and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.29 and earlier) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML attribute value via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5575||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Movable Type series (Movable Type 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type 7), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7), Movable Type for AWS 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type for AWS 7), Movable Type 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type 6.5), Movable Type Advanced 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 6.5), Movable Type 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Advanced 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Premium 1.29 and earlier, and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.29 and earlier) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5576||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Movable Type series (Movable Type 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type 7), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7), Movable Type for AWS 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type for AWS 7), Movable Type 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type 6.5), Movable Type Advanced 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 6.5), Movable Type 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Advanced 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Premium 1.29 and earlier, and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.29 and earlier) allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5577||Movable Type series (Movable Type 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type 7), Movable Type Advanced 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 7), Movable Type for AWS 7 r.4606 (7.2.1) and earlier (Movable Type for AWS 7), Movable Type 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type 6.5), Movable Type Advanced 6.5.3 and earlier (Movable Type Advanced 6.5), Movable Type 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Advanced 6.3.11 and earlier (Movable Type 6.3), Movable Type Premium 1.29 and earlier, and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.29 and earlier) allow remote authenticated attackers to upload arbitrary files and execute a php script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5579||SQL injection vulnerability in the Paid Memberships versions prior to 2.3.3 allows attacker with administrator rights to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5580||Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.1 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to view and/or alter Single sign-on settings via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5581||Path traversal vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.1 allows remote authenticated attackers to obtain unintended information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5582||Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.1 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to alter the data for the file attached to Report via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5583||Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.1 allows remote authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction to obtain unauthorized Multi-Report's data via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5584||Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.1 allow remote attackers to obtain unintended information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5585||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 5.0.0 to 5.0.1 allows attacker with administrator rights to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5586||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 4.10.3 to 5.0.1 allows attacker with administrator rights to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5587||Cybozu Garoon 4.0.0 to 5.0.1 allow remote authenticated attackers to obtain unintended information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5588||Path traversal vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 5.0.0 to 5.0.1 allows attacker with administrator rights to obtain unintended information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5589||SONY Wireless Headphones WF-1000X, WF-SP700N, WH-1000XM2, WH-1000XM3, WH-CH700N, WH-H900N, WH-XB700, WH-XB900N, WI-1000X, WI-C600N and WI-SP600N with firmware versions prior to 4.5.2 have vulnerability that someone within the Bluetooth range can make the Bluetooth pairing and operate such as changing volume of the product.
CVE-2020-5590||Directory traversal vulnerability in EC-CUBE 3.0.0 to 3.0.18 and 4.0.0 to 4.0.3 allows remote authenticated attackers to delete arbitrary files and/or directories on the server via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5591||XACK DNS 1.11.0 to 1.11.4, 1.10.0 to 1.10.8, 1.8.0 to 1.8.23, 1.7.0 to 1.7.18, and versions before 1.7.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service condition resulting in degradation of the recursive resolver's performance or compromising the recursive resolver as a reflector in a reflection attack.
CVE-2020-5592||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Zenphoto versions prior to 1.5.7 allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary JavaScript via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5593||Zenphoto versions prior to 1.5.7 allows an attacker to conduct PHP code injection attacks by leading a user to upload a specially crafted .zip file.
CVE-2020-5594||Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-R, iQ-F, Q, L, and FX series CPU modules all versions contain a vulnerability that allows cleartext transmission of sensitive information between CPU modules and GX Works3 and/or GX Works2 via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5595||TCP/IP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric GOT2000 series (CoreOS with version -Y and earlier installed in GT27 Model, GT25 Model, and GT23 Model) contains a buffer overflow vulnerability, which may allow a remote attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5596||TCP/IP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric GOT2000 series (CoreOS with version -Y and earlier installed in GT27 Model, GT25 Model, and GT23 Model) does not properly manage sessions, which may allow a remote attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5597||TCP/IP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric GOT2000 series (CoreOS with version -Y and earlier installed in GT27 Model, GT25 Model, and GT23 Model) contains a null pointer dereference vulnerability, which may allow a remote attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5598||TCP/IP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric GOT2000 series (CoreOS with version -Y and earlier installed in GT27 Model, GT25 Model, and GT23 Model) contains an improper access control vulnerability, which may which may allow a remote attacker tobypass access restriction and stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5599||TCP/IP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric GOT2000 series (CoreOS with version -Y and earlier installed in GT27 Model, GT25 Model, and GT23 Model) contains an improper neutralization of argument delimiters in a command ('Argument Injection') vulnerability, which may allow a remote attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5600||TCP/IP function included in the firmware of Mitsubishi Electric GOT2000 series (CoreOS with version -Y and earlier installed in GT27 Model, GT25 Model, and GT23 Model) contains a resource management error vulnerability, which may allow a remote attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5601||Chrome Extension for e-Tax Reception System Ver1.0.0.0 allows remote attackers to execute an arbitrary command via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5602||Mitsubishi Electoric FA Engineering Software (CPU Module Logging Configuration Tool Ver. 1.94Y and earlier, CW Configurator Ver. 1.010L and earlier, EM Software Development Kit (EM Configurator) Ver. 1.010L and earlier, GT Designer3 (GOT2000) Ver. 1.221F and earlier, GX LogViewer Ver. 1.96A and earlier, GX Works2 Ver. 1.586L and earlier, GX Works3 Ver. 1.058L and earlier, M_CommDTM-HART Ver. 1.00A, M_CommDTM-IO-Link Ver. 1.02C and earlier, MELFA-Works Ver. 4.3 and earlier, MELSEC-L Flexible High-Speed I/O Control Module Configuration Tool Ver.1.004E and earlier, MELSOFT FieldDeviceConfigurator Ver. 1.03D and earlier, MELSOFT iQ AppPortal Ver. 1.11M and earlier, MELSOFT Navigator Ver. 2.58L and earlier, MI Configurator Ver. 1.003D and earlier, Motion Control Setting Ver. 1.005F and earlier, MR Configurator2 Ver. 1.72A and earlier, MT Works2 Ver. 1.156N and earlier, RT ToolBox2 Ver. 3.72A and earlier, and RT ToolBox3 Ver. 1.50C and earlier) allows an attacker to conduct XML External Entity (XXE) attacks via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5603||Uncontrolled resource consumption vulnerability in Mitsubishi Electoric FA Engineering Software (CPU Module Logging Configuration Tool Ver. 1.94Y and earlier, CW Configurator Ver. 1.010L and earlier, EM Software Development Kit (EM Configurator) Ver. 1.010L and earlier, GT Designer3 (GOT2000) Ver. 1.221F and earlier, GX LogViewer Ver. 1.96A and earlier, GX Works2 Ver. 1.586L and earlier, GX Works3 Ver. 1.058L and earlier, M_CommDTM-HART Ver. 1.00A, M_CommDTM-IO-Link Ver. 1.02C and earlier, MELFA-Works Ver. 4.3 and earlier, MELSEC-L Flexible High-Speed I/O Control Module Configuration Tool Ver.1.004E and earlier, MELSOFT FieldDeviceConfigurator Ver. 1.03D and earlier, MELSOFT iQ AppPortal Ver. 1.11M and earlier, MELSOFT Navigator Ver. 2.58L and earlier, MI Configurator Ver. 1.003D and earlier, Motion Control Setting Ver. 1.005F and earlier, MR Configurator2 Ver. 1.72A and earlier, MT Works2 Ver. 1.156N and earlier, RT ToolBox2 Ver. 3.72A and earlier, and RT ToolBox3 Ver. 1.50C and earlier) allows an attacker to cause a denial of service (DoS) condition attacks via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5604||Android App 'Mercari' (Japan version) prior to version 3.52.0 allows arbitrary method execution of a Java object by a remote attacker via a Man-In-The-Middle attack by using Java Reflection API of JavaScript code on WebView.
CVE-2020-5605||Directory traversal vulnerability in WHR-G54S firmware 1.43 and earlier allows an attacker to access sensitive information such as setting values via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5606||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WHR-G54S firmware 1.43 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script via a specially crafted page.
CVE-2020-5607||Open redirect vulnerability in SHIRASAGI v1.13.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5608||CAMS for HIS CENTUM CS 3000 (includes CENTUM CS 3000 Small) R3.08.10 to R3.09.50, CENTUM VP (includes CENTUM VP Small, Basic) R4.01.00 to R6.07.00, B/M9000CS R5.04.01 to R5.05.01, and B/M9000 VP R6.01.01 to R8.03.01 allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to bypass authentication and send altered communication packets via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5609||Directory traversal vulnerability in CAMS for HIS CENTUM CS 3000 (includes CENTUM CS 3000 Small) R3.08.10 to R3.09.50, CENTUM VP (includes CENTUM VP Small, Basic) R4.01.00 to R6.07.00, B/M9000CS R5.04.01 to R5.05.01, and B/M9000 VP R6.01.01 to R8.03.01 allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to create or overwrite arbitrary files and run arbitrary commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5610||Global TechStream (GTS) for TOYOTA dealers version 15.10.032 and earlier allows an attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition and execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5611||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Social Sharing Plugin versions prior to 1.2.10 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5612||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in KonaWiki 2.2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute an arbitrary script via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2020-5613||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in KonaWiki 3.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute an arbitrary script via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2020-5614||Directory traversal vulnerability in KonaWiki 3.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5615||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in [Calendar01] free edition ver1.0.0 and [Calendar02] free edition ver1.0.0 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5616||[Calendar01], [Calendar02], [PKOBO-News01], [PKOBO-vote01], [Telop01], [Gallery01], [CalendarForm01], and [Link01] [Calendar01] free edition ver1.0.0, [Calendar02] free edition ver1.0.0, [PKOBO-News01] free edition ver1.0.3 and earlier, [PKOBO-vote01] free edition ver1.0.1 and earlier, [Telop01] free edition ver1.0.0, [Gallery01] free edition ver1.0.3 and earlier, [CalendarForm01] free edition ver1.0.3 and earlier, and [Link01] free edition ver1.0.0 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and log in to the product with administrative privileges via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5617||Privilege escalation vulnerability in SKYSEA Client View Ver.12.200.12n to 15.210.05f allows an attacker to obtain unauthorized privileges and modify/obtain sensitive information or perform unintended operations via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5619||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Exment prior to v3.6.0 allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5620||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Exment prior to v3.6.0 allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary script or HTML via a specially crafted file.
CVE-2020-5621||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in NETGEAR switching hubs (GS716Tv2 Firmware version 5.4.2.30 and earlier, and GS724Tv3 Firmware version 5.4.2.30 and earlier) allow remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators and alter the settings of the device via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5622||Shadankun Server Security Type (excluding normal blocking method types) Ver.1.5.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service which may result in not being able to add newly detected attack source IP addresses as blocking targets for about 10 minutes via a specially crafted request.
CVE-2020-5623||NITORI App for Android versions 6.0.4 and earlier and NITORI App for iOS versions 6.0.2 and earlier allow remote attackers to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App. As a result, the user may become a victim of a phishing attack.
CVE-2020-5624||SQL injection vulnerability in the XooNIps 3.48 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5625||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in XooNIps 3.48 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5626||Logstorage version 8.0.0 and earlier, and ELC Analytics version 3.0.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary OS commands via a specially crafted log file.
CVE-2020-5627||Yodobashi App for Android versions 1.8.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App. As a result, the user may become a victim of a phishing attack.
CVE-2020-5628||UNIQLO App for Android versions 7.3.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via the vulnerable App. As a result, if the access destination is a malicious website, the user may fall victim to the social engineering attack.
CVE-2020-5629||UNIQLO App for Android versions 7.3.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to lead a user to access an arbitrary website via a malicious App created by the third party. As a result, if the access destination is a malicious website, the user may fall victim to the social engineering attack.
CVE-2020-5631||Stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in CMONOS.JP ver2.0.20191009 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5632||InfoCage SiteShell series (Host type SiteShell for IIS V1.4, V1.5, and V1.6, Host type SiteShell for IIS prior to revision V2.0.0.6, V2.1.0.7, V2.1.1.6, V3.0.0.11, V4.0.0.6, V4.1.0.5, and V4.2.0.1, Host type SiteShell for Apache Windows V1.4, V1.5, and V1.6, and Host type SiteShell for Apache Windows prior to revision V2.0.0.6, V2.1.0.7, V2.1.1.6, V3.0.0.11, V4.0.0.6, V4.1.0.5, and V4.2.0.1) allow authenticated attackers to bypass access restriction and to execute arbitrary code with an elevated privilege via a specially crafted executable files.
CVE-2020-5633||Multiple NEC products (Express5800/T110j, Express5800/T110j-S, Express5800/T110j (2nd-Gen), Express5800/T110j-S (2nd-Gen), iStorage NS100Ti, and Express5800/GT110j) where Baseboard Management Controller (BMC) firmware Rev1.09 and earlier is applied allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and then obtain/modify BMC setting information, obtain monitoring information, or reboot/shut down the vulnerable product via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5634||ELECOM LAN routers (WRC-2533GST2 firmware versions prior to v1.14, WRC-1900GST2 firmware versions prior to v1.14, WRC-1750GST2 firmware versions prior to v1.14, and WRC-1167GST2 firmware versions prior to v1.10) allow an attacker on the same network segment to execute arbitrary OS commands with a root privilege via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5635||Aterm SA3500G firmware versions prior to Ver. 3.5.9 allows an attacker on the adjacent network to send a specially crafted request to a specific URL, which may result in an arbitrary command execution.
CVE-2020-5636||Aterm SA3500G firmware versions prior to Ver. 3.5.9 allows an attacker with an administrative privilege to send a specially crafted request to a specific URL, which may result in an arbitrary command execution.
CVE-2020-5637||Improper validation of integrity check value vulnerability in Aterm SA3500G firmware versions prior to Ver. 3.5.9 allows an attacker with an administrative privilege to execute a malicious program.
CVE-2020-5638||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in desknet's NEO (desknet's NEO Small License V5.5 R1.5 and earlier, and desknet's NEO Enterprise License V5.5 R1.5 and earlier) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5639||Directory traversal vulnerability in FileZen versions from V3.0.0 to V4.2.2 allows remote attackers to upload an arbitrary file in a specific directory via unspecified vectors. As a result, an arbitrary OS command may be executed.
CVE-2020-5640||Local file inclusion vulnerability in OneThird CMS v1.96c and earlier allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5641||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in GS108Ev3 firmware version 2.06.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators and the product's settings may be changed without the user's intention or consent via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5642||Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Live Chat - Live support version 3.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of administrators via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5643||Improper input validation vulnerability in Cybozu Garoon 5.0.0 to 5.0.2 allows a remote authenticated attacker to delete some data of the bulletin board via unspecified vector.
CVE-2020-5644||Buffer overflow vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of GT14 Model of GOT 1000 series (GT1455-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QLBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1455HS-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, and GT1450HS-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5645||Session fixation vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of GT14 Model of GOT 1000 series (GT1455-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QLBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1455HS-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, and GT1450HS-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5646||NULL pointer dereferences vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of GT14 Model of GOT 1000 series (GT1455-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QLBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1455HS-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, and GT1450HS-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5647||Improper access control vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of GT14 Model of GOT 1000 series (GT1455-QTBDE CoreOS version 05.65.00.BD and earlier, GT1450-QMBDE CoreOS version 05.65.00.BD and earlier, GT1450-QLBDE CoreOS version 05.65.00.BD and earlier, GT1455HS-QTBDE CoreOS version 05.65.00.BD and earlier, and GT1450HS-QMBDE CoreOS version 05.65.00.BD and earlier) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5648||Improper neutralization of argument delimiters in a command ('Argument Injection') vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of GT14 Model of GOT 1000 series (GT1455-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QLBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1455HS-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, and GT1450HS-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier) allows unauthenticated attackers on adjacent network to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5649||Resource management error vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of GT14 Model of GOT 1000 series (GT1455-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1450-QLBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, GT1455HS-QTBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier, and GT1450HS-QMBDE CoreOS version "05.65.00.BD" and earlier) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5650||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Simple Download Monitor 3.8.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5651||SQL injection vulnerability in Simple Download Monitor 3.8.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via a specially crafted URL.
CVE-2020-5652||Uncontrolled resource consumption vulnerability in Ethernet Port on MELSEC iQ-R, Q and L series CPU modules (R 00/01/02 CPU firmware versions '20' and earlier, R 04/08/16/32/120 (EN) CPU firmware versions '52' and earlier, R 08/16/32/120 SFCPU firmware versions '22' and earlier, R 08/16/32/120 PCPU all versions, R 08/16/32/120 PSFCPU all versions, R 16/32/64 MTCPU all versions, Q03 UDECPU, Q 04/06/10/13/20/26/50/100 UDEHCPU serial number '22081' and earlier , Q 03/04/06/13/26 UDVCPU serial number '22031' and earlier, Q 04/06/13/26 UDPVCPU serial number '22031' and earlier, Q 172/173 DCPU all versions, Q 172/173 DSCPU all versions, Q 170 MCPU all versions, Q 170 MSCPU all versions, L 02/06/26 CPU (-P) and L 26 CPU - (P) BT all versions) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the Ethernet communication functions of the products via a specially crafted packet, which may lead to a denial of service (DoS) condition .
CVE-2020-5653||Buffer overflow vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of MELSEC iQ-R series (RJ71EIP91 EtherNet/IP Network Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '02' or before, RJ71PN92 PROFINET IO Controller Module First 2 digits of serial number are '01' or before, RD81DL96 High Speed Data Logger Module First 2 digits of serial number are '08' or before, RD81MES96N MES Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before, and RD81OPC96 OPC UA Server Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5654||Session fixation vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of MELSEC iQ-R series (RJ71EIP91 EtherNet/IP Network Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '02' or before, RJ71PN92 PROFINET IO Controller Module First 2 digits of serial number are '01' or before, RD81DL96 High Speed Data Logger Module First 2 digits of serial number are '08' or before, RD81MES96N MES Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before, and RD81OPC96 OPC UA Server Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5655||NULL pointer dereferences vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of MELSEC iQ-R series (RJ71EIP91 EtherNet/IP Network Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '02' or before, RJ71PN92 PROFINET IO Controller Module First 2 digits of serial number are '01' or before, RD81DL96 High Speed Data Logger Module First 2 digits of serial number are '08' or before, RD81MES96N MES Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before, and RD81OPC96 OPC UA Server Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5656||Improper access control vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of MELSEC iQ-R series (RJ71EIP91 EtherNet/IP Network Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '02' or before, RJ71PN92 PROFINET IO Controller Module First 2 digits of serial number are '01' or before, RD81DL96 High Speed Data Logger Module First 2 digits of serial number are '08' or before, RD81MES96N MES Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before, and RD81OPC96 OPC UA Server Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products or execute a malicious program via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5657||Improper neutralization of argument delimiters in a command ('Argument Injection') vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of MELSEC iQ-R series (RJ71EIP91 EtherNet/IP Network Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '02' or before, RJ71PN92 PROFINET IO Controller Module First 2 digits of serial number are '01' or before, RD81DL96 High Speed Data Logger Module First 2 digits of serial number are '08' or before, RD81MES96N MES Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before, and RD81OPC96 OPC UA Server Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before) allows unauthenticated attackers on adjacent network to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5658||Resource Management Errors vulnerability in TCP/IP function included in the firmware of MELSEC iQ-R series (RJ71EIP91 EtherNet/IP Network Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '02' or before, RJ71PN92 PROFINET IO Controller Module First 2 digits of serial number are '01' or before, RD81DL96 High Speed Data Logger Module First 2 digits of serial number are '08' or before, RD81MES96N MES Interface Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before, and RD81OPC96 OPC UA Server Module First 2 digits of serial number are '04' or before) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to stop the network functions of the products via a specially crafted packet.
CVE-2020-5659||SQL injection vulnerability in the XooNIps 3.49 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5662||Reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability in XooNIps 3.49 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5663||Stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in XooNIps 3.49 and earlier allows remote authenticated attackers to inject arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5664||Deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability in XooNIps 3.49 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5665||Improper check or handling of exceptional conditions in MELSEC iQ-F series FX5U(C) CPU unit firmware version 1.060 and earlier allows an attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition on program execution and communication by sending a specially crafted ARP packet.
CVE-2020-5666||Uncontrolled resource consumption vulnerability in MELSEC iQ-R Series CPU Modules (R00/01/02CPU Firmware versions from '05' to '19' and R04/08/16/32/120(EN)CPU Firmware versions from '35' to '51') allows a remote attacker to cause an error in a CPU unit via a specially crafted HTTP packet, which may lead to a denial-of-service (DoS) condition in execution of the program and its communication.
CVE-2020-5667||Studyplus App for Android v6.3.7 and earlier and Studyplus App for iOS v8.29.0 and earlier use a hard-coded API key for an external service. By exploiting this vulnerability, API key for an external service may be obtained by analyzing data in the app.
CVE-2020-5668||Uncontrolled resource consumption vulnerability in MELSEC iQ-R Series modules (R00/01/02CPU firmware version '19' and earlier, R04/08/16/32/120 (EN) CPU firmware version '51' and earlier, R08/16/32/120SFCPU firmware version '22' and earlier, R08/16/32/120PCPU firmware version '25' and earlier, R08/16/32/120PSFCPU firmware version '06' and earlier, RJ71EN71 firmware version '47' and earlier, RJ71GF11-T2 firmware version '47' and earlier, RJ72GF15-T2 firmware version '07' and earlier, RJ71GP21-SX firmware version '47' and earlier, RJ71GP21S-SX firmware version '47' and earlier, and RJ71GN11-T2 firmware version '11' and earlier) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause an error in a CPU unit and cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition in execution of the program and its communication, or to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition in communication via the unit by receiving a specially crafted SLMP packet
CVE-2020-5669||Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Movable Type Movable Type Premium 1.37 and earlier and Movable Type Premium Advanced 1.37 and earlier allows a remote authenticated attacker to inject an arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5674||Untrusted search path vulnerability in the installers of multiple SEIKO EPSON products allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2020-5675||Out-of-bounds read vulnerability in GT21 model of GOT2000 series (GT2107-WTBD V01.39.000 and earlier, GT2107-WTSD V01.39.000 and earlier, GT2104-RTBD V01.39.000 and earlier, GT2104-PMBD V01.39.000 and earlier, and GT2103-PMBD V01.39.000 and earlier), GS21 model of GOT series (GS2110-WTBD V01.39.000 and earlier, GS2107-WTBD V01.39.000 and earlier, GS2110-WTBD-N V01.39.000 and earlier, and GS2107-WTBD-N V01.39.000 and earlier), and Tension Controller LE7-40GU-L series (LE7-40GU-L Screen package data for CC-Link IEF Basic V1.00, LE7-40GU-L Screen package data for MODBUS/TCP V1.00, and LE7-40GU-L Screen package data for SLMP V1.00) allows a remote attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending a specially crafted packet. As a result, deterioration of communication performance or a denial-of-service (DoS) condition of the TCP communication functions of the products may occur.
CVE-2020-5676||GROWI v4.1.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to obtain information which is not allowed to access via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5677||Reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI v4.0.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5678||Stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in GROWI v3.8.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5679||Improper restriction of rendered UI layers or frames in EC-CUBE versions from 3.0.0 to 3.0.18 leads to clickjacking attacks. If a user accesses a specially crafted page while logged into the administrative page, unintended operations may be conducted.
CVE-2020-5680||Improper input validation vulnerability in EC-CUBE versions from 3.0.5 to 3.0.18 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition via unspecified vector.
CVE-2020-5681||Untrusted search path vulnerability in self-extracting files created by EpsonNet SetupManager versions 2.2.14 and earlier, and Offirio SynergyWare PrintDirector versions 1.6x/1.6y and earlier allows an attacker to gain privileges via a Trojan horse DLL in an unspecified directory.
CVE-2020-5682||Improper input validation in GROWI versions prior to v4.2.3 (v4.2 Series), GROWI versions prior to v4.1.12 (v4.1 Series), and GROWI v3 series and earlier GROWI versions prior to v4.2.3 (v4.2 Series), GROWI versions prior to v4.1.12 (v4.1 Series), and GROWI v3 series and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2020-5683||Directory traversal vulnerability in GROWI versions prior to v4.2.3 (v4.2 Series), GROWI versions prior to v4.1.12 (v4.1 Series), and GROWI v3 series and earlier GROWI versions prior to v4.2.3 (v4.2 Series), GROWI versions prior to v4.1.12 (v4.1 Series), and GROWI v3 series and earlier allows remote attackers to alter the data by uploading a specially crafted file.
CVE-2020-5684||iSM client versions from V5.1 prior to V12.1 running on NEC Storage Manager or NEC Storage Manager Express does not verify a server certificate properly, which allows a man-in-the-middle attacker to eavesdrop on an encrypted communication or alter the communication via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2020-5685||UNIVERGE SV9500 series from V1 to V7and SV8500 series from S6 to S8 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands or cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition by sending a specially crafted request to a specific URL.
CVE-2020-5686||Incorrect implementation of authentication algorithm issue in UNIVERGE SV9500 series from V1 to V7and SV8500 series from S6 to S8 allows an attacker to access the remote system maintenance feature and obtain the information by sending a specially crafted request to a specific URL.
CVE-2020-5720||MikroTik WinBox before 3.21 is vulnerable to a path traversal vulnerability that allows creation of arbitrary files wherevere WinBox has write permissions. WinBox is vulnerable to this attack if it connects to a malicious endpoint or if an attacker mounts a man in the middle attack.
CVE-2020-5721||MikroTik WinBox 3.22 and below stores the user's cleartext password in the settings.cfg.viw configuration file when the Keep Password field is set and no Master Password is set. Keep Password is set by default and, by default Master Password is not set. An attacker with access to the configuration file can extract a username and password to gain access to the router.
CVE-2020-5722||The HTTP interface of the Grandstream UCM6200 series is vulnerable to an unauthenticated remote SQL injection via crafted HTTP request. An attacker can use this vulnerability to execute shell commands as root on versions before 1.0.19.20 or inject HTML in password recovery emails in versions before 1.0.20.17.
CVE-2020-5723||The UCM6200 series 1.0.20.22 and below stores unencrypted user passwords in an SQLite database. This could allow an attacker to retrieve all passwords and possibly gain elevated privileges.
CVE-2020-5724||The Grandstream UCM6200 series before 1.0.20.22 is vulnerable to an SQL injection via the HTTP server's websockify endpoint. A remote unauthenticated attacker can invoke the challenge action with a crafted username and discover user passwords.
CVE-2020-5725||The Grandstream UCM6200 series before 1.0.20.22 is vulnerable to an SQL injection via the HTTP server's websockify endpoint. A remote unauthenticated attacker can invoke the login action with a crafted username and, through the use of timing attacks, can discover user passwords.
CVE-2020-5726||The Grandstream UCM6200 series before 1.0.20.22 is vulnerable to an SQL injection via the CTI server on port 8888. A remote unauthenticated attacker can invoke the challenge action with a crafted username and discover user passwords.
CVE-2020-5727||Authentication bypass using an alternate path or channel in SimpliSafe SS3 firmware 1.4 allows a local, unauthenticated attacker to pair a rogue keypad to an armed system.
CVE-2020-5728||OpenMRS 2.9 and prior copies "Referrer" header values into an html element named "redirectUrl" within many webpages (such as login.htm). There is insufficient validation for this parameter, which allows for the possibility of cross-site scripting.
CVE-2020-5729||In OpenMRS 2.9 and prior, the UI Framework Error Page reflects arbitrary, user-supplied input back to the browser, which can result in XSS. Any page that is able to trigger a UI Framework Error is susceptible to this issue.
CVE-2020-5730||In OpenMRS 2.9 and prior, the sessionLocation parameter for the login page is vulnerable to cross-site scripting.
CVE-2020-5731||In OpenMRS 2.9 and prior, the app parameter for the ActiveVisit's page is vulnerable to cross-site scripting.
CVE-2020-5732||In OpenMRS 2.9 and prior, he import functionality of the Data Exchange Module does not properly redirect to a login page when an unauthenticated user attempts to access it. This allows unauthenticated users to use a feature typically restricted to administrators.
CVE-2020-5733||In OpenMRS 2.9 and prior, the export functionality of the Data Exchange Module does not properly redirect to a login page when an unauthenticated user attempts to access it. This allows the export of potentially sensitive information.
CVE-2020-5734||Classic buffer overflow in SolarWinds Dameware allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a large 'SigPubkeyLen' during ECDH key exchange.
CVE-2020-5735||Amcrest cameras and NVR are vulnerable to a stack-based buffer overflow over port 37777. An authenticated remote attacker can abuse this issue to crash the device and possibly execute arbitrary code.
CVE-2020-5736||Amcrest cameras and NVR are vulnerable to a null pointer dereference over port 37777. An authenticated remote attacker can abuse this issue to crash the device.
CVE-2020-5737||Stored XSS in Tenable.Sc before 5.14.0 could allow an authenticated remote attacker to craft a request to execute arbitrary script code in a user's browser session. Updated input validation techniques have been implemented to correct this issue.
CVE-2020-5738||Grandstream GXP1600 series firmware 1.0.4.152 and below is vulnerable to authenticated remote command execution when an attacker uploads a specially crafted tar file to the HTTP /cgi-bin/upload_vpntar interface.
CVE-2020-5739||Grandstream GXP1600 series firmware 1.0.4.152 and below is vulnerable to authenticated remote command execution when an attacker adds an OpenVPN up script to the phone's VPN settings via the "Additional Settings" field in the web interface. When the VPN's connection is established, the user defined script is executed with root privileges.
CVE-2020-5740||Improper Input Validation in Plex Media Server on Windows allows a local, unauthenticated attacker to execute arbitrary Python code with SYSTEM privileges.
CVE-2020-5741||Deserialization of Untrusted Data in Plex Media Server on Windows allows a remote, authenticated attacker to execute arbitrary Python code.
CVE-2020-5742||Improper Access Control in Plex Media Server prior to June 15, 2020 allows any origin to execute cross-origin application requests.
CVE-2020-5743||Improper Control of Resource Identifiers in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, authenticated attacker to access test metadata for which they don't have permission.
CVE-2020-5744||Relative Path Traversal in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, authenticated attacker to read the contents of arbitrary files on disk.
CVE-2020-5745||Cross-site request forgery in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote attacker to perform sensitive application actions by tricking legitimate users into clicking a crafted link.
CVE-2020-5746||Insufficient output sanitization in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, authenticated attacker to conduct persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks by creating a crafted test.
CVE-2020-5747||Insufficient output sanitization in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, authenticated attacker to conduct persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks by creating a crafted test.
CVE-2020-5748||Insufficient output sanitization in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to conduct persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via the self-registration feature.
CVE-2020-5749||Insufficient output sanitization in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, authenticated attacker to conduct persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks by creating a crafted group.
CVE-2020-5750||Insufficient output sanitization in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to conduct persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via the self-registration feature.
CVE-2020-5751||Insufficient output sanitization in TCExam 14.2.2 allows a remote, authenticated attacker to conduct persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks by creating a crafted operator.
CVE-2020-5752||Relative path traversal in Druva inSync Windows Client 6.6.3 allows a local, unauthenticated attacker to execute arbitrary operating system commands with SYSTEM privileges.
CVE-2020-5753||Signal Private Messenger Android v4.59.0 and up and iOS v3.8.1.5 and up allows a remote non-contact to ring a victim's Signal phone and disclose currently used DNS server due to ICE Candidate handling before call is answered or declined.
CVE-2020-5754||Webroot endpoint agents prior to version v9.0.28.48 allows remote attackers to trigger a type confusion vulnerability over its listening TCP port, resulting in crashing or reading memory contents of the Webroot endpoint agent.
CVE-2020-5755||Webroot endpoint agents prior to version v9.0.28.48 did not protect the "%PROGRAMDATA%\WrData\PKG" directory against renaming. This could allow attackers to trigger a crash or wait upon Webroot service restart to rewrite and hijack dlls in this directory for privilege escalation.
CVE-2020-5756||Grandstream GWN7000 firmware version 1.0.9.4 and below allows authenticated remote users to modify the system's crontab via undocumented API. An attacker can use this functionality to execute arbitrary OS commands on the router.
CVE-2020-5757||Grandstream UCM6200 series firmware version 1.0.20.23 and below is vulnerable to OS command injection via HTTP. An authenticated remote attacker can bypass command injection mitigations and execute commands as the root user by sending a crafted HTTP POST to the UCM's "New" HTTPS API.